[Intro: Torch]
Oh this that vibe right here
No breaks... no time to breath on it

[Torch]
(Oh, le'go) You're now rockin' with the corner
Real D-Boy, ball like humanoid
Stuntin' like Meek used to, my man spit mad (shit)
She like to get cut shawty the Kim K bath
Ain't hard to tell I'm next, you can smell a check
I ain't gotta squeeze I coach them hittas, Belichick
Hella fresh arrogant they tryna humble me
Pulled up black and yellow, transformer Bumble Bee
M's on my hood, VVS' on my neck
YSL on my clothes, I murdered the alphabet
I'm a G you ain't know somebody should've schooled you
Nicer than me? Only on April 1st they fooled you

[Meek Mill]
It's Meek Milly north Philly no I'm alive
They say I'm lazy but super hotter than summertime
Goons with me honey shots it's rummytime
Running time and tell 'em catch up like Dungey
Ha! Ha! I'mma beast like Blake Griffin
We ain't slippin', Louis luggage I ain't tripping
Airshippin' G4 no retour
I tell 'em feed me beats so I can see more

[Hook: Torch] + (Woman)
(So just slow down) MMG we killin' 'em
We killin' 'em! MMG we killin' 'em
(So just slow down) MMG we killin' 'em
We killin' 'em! MMG we killin' 'em
(So just slow down) MMG we killin' 'em
We killin' 'em! MMG we killin' 'em
(So just slow down) MMG we killin' 'em
We killin' 'em! MMG we killin' 'em
(So just slow down)

[Interlude: Torch]
Ha ha it's what we do
Maybach, we the untouchable
Firetruck ninja, where you at nigga?

[Gunplay]
Slow down you're murkin' 'em, you're too hot
Hotboy turkin 'em surround 'em circle 'em
Put 'em down like a straight R AR
Fifteen with me on my day off
My nigga I'm about that
How wet that shit I'mma rock that
Pass yo bitch I'm in then got that
You don't want these problems oh no not that
Aw man

[Wale]
One time for Hip-Hop, but fuck it, don't love it
You might fool the public, but we know you suckers
Suckers, fool blooded all around bustas
Fuck em, you and I ain't even no discussion
Trust it, truly I'm just tryna to get off
I ain't tryna eat small, I'm just tryna Warren Buffet
Buffet whatever ten sumthin' vuleva
Kinda cost me a grip though I be living out luggage

[Hook]

[Interlude: Torch]
Aww man, I tried to tell y'all man top to bottom
MMG, we stronger than ever nigga
Breed talk to 'em

[Young Breed]
Gotta get street gutter hard like Breed
You greedy suckers not out my league
You lame nuddin it's MMG
When you go out there and hustle watch everybody eat
When you lookin like money guess everybody eats
The E ran shit these everybody's streets
Hard, soft, rerock or better
O's Pounds we cop whatever

[Stalley]
Sixteenth get the money, still on the paper
Ross still flippin' dummy, every foe back and down
Every nigga hungry, Famers they be grabbin' hammers
Goin' out huntin' these wolves on the prowl
Cock it to a crying out child now flip it down
Increased up cum pretty slugs too loud
Weed in the air passed by like a shoot cloud
We out here blue kala boys
How niggas makin' a new kinda noise?
Black blue and tan is unidentified, niggas all rappin'
All mad with saran, it's about full of pildis
We shootin' outside I'm tryna' kill ish
It's funny how these niggas won't ride when times are realest
A revolution everyone respects
I'm feeling Dickie shirts seven buttons to the neck {*echoes*}