[Verse 1]
My bars first degree, yours to the third
My niggas runnin round wit 33 like larry bird
Or more like scott pippen, camaro, dippin
Bout to buy some louie luggage, shit, cuz I be trippin
Listen. I remember back when I was down on my dick
I ain't even have a dollar. down to my last 50 cent
Couldn't even buy a dutch, had to buy a fuckin blunt
Just to roll up on some reggie thinkin how im gon get up
What! what!
Now im feelin like a million dollars
Make me go to Neiman Marcus buy about a million pradas
All the real niggas dead, its like a million cowards
Runnin round. first rap check, buy a million choppers
I dun seen a nigga rat and get a nigga life
And still walkin round the street like that nigga
Club partyin, rose garglin, catch em wrong time
We puttin hollow heads all im em
Just imagine I was dead broke
Them bitches wouldn't give a fuck if I was dead, croaked
Thats why I grind hard so I can get a lambo
Clip full of ammo, more shots than rambo. damn tho
Why the D.A try to give me 5 to 10, locked me up
Had me upstate with ????? and them
Try again. I be out gettin to the paper
Tryna catch a million like, maafuck a hater
Sittin here contemplating if im gonna murder them
Niggas always talk that gangster shit but never hered of em
20 grand to get em all wet. I could service them
Pussy niggas talkin rat, the motherfckin nerve of them
As the night falls the lil shells in my glizzy
Cause many men was [?] upon me like 50
Shoot me nine times in thinkin unh uh
Ladder on me, waitin to explode, time bomb
Ever since like 99, livin in my prime time
Got the money, respect and power came like
Ain't I ain't talkin f.m. we ride fn
They same guy talking [?]
They just sent my nigga [?] upstate for a direct hit
Couldn't even catch bail, [?]
Rather have a walkie before he talkie Nextel
And I ain't trying to do it big I'm trying to do it XL
Matter fact double X, [?] trying to re-up I ain't even bubble yet
Nor double yet
But you can smell the white fuming and all the oils burning
Laid back counting money as the world's turning
All my dawgs strapped, ya their steel's German
And I ain't talking Shepard spot you like a Leopard
If I ain't in the hood I'm in the lab like I'm Dexter
Trying to make them oils [?] then bring me back some extras