Adam lives in theory tryin' to turn stone into bread
Masquerading like he's got it figured out
Cut off from the sunshine, only smart in his own head
Leaving his descendants to hope and doubt
Left to his devices, those worthless sacrifices
Praying to the altar of his self
Making pilgrimages thinking he's religious
Like he's got all the light, and no one else
He takes the unsuspected
'Cuz he knows they're not connected
And he shows them how to be just as he is, virtually real
And commercially appeal, to the lust of all the people where he lives
Eve was so naive, blinded by the pride and greed
Wanting to be intellectual
Drifting from the way, she got turned down one day
And now she thinks that she's bisexual
Caught up in emotion, burning up in her devotion
To the king of exploitation in the field
She handed him her virtue, 'cuz he told, "I won't hurt you"
So she lay with him to see how good it feels
Now can you tell me, what, what we gonna do now?
Where we gonna go now? What we gonna say now?
Now can you tell me, what, what we gonna do now?
Where we gonna go now? What we gonna say now?
Now after the sensation, and the empty fornication
She brought infection home into her bed
Quickly multiplying, now the three of them are dyin'
By the poison she perceived to be good
Now Eve and her husband, are perverted in their judgment
'Cuz everything appeared to be the same
They entertain suggestions, next time just use protection
Desiring to cover up their shame
But much to their demise, poor decision closed their eyes
To the very antidote of their dilemma
Burning in their lust, both of them adulterous
Destroying the original agenda
Praying to the sky, in order to maintain a lie
They exhausted every possible conclusion
They can't even entertain, or the solution in a brain
Or filled with vain, information and pollution
Hiding from the truth, he provided an excuse
To explain away his desperate situation
When confronted, blamed his wife, giving birth to carnal life
Refusing to acknowledge what he'd done
And now, if we can agree with who created us to be
Who says we're guilty, everyone before His eyes
Making no exceptions, since the day of our conception
Predisposed to hating truth, and loving lies
Then can you tell me, what, what we gonna do now?
Where we gonna go now? What we gonna say now?
Now can you tell me, what, what we gonna do now?
Where we gonna go now? What we gonna say now?
Stop walking in pride, let the thief be crucified
Unlearn everything you know and let Him teach you
Line upon line, and precept upon precept
Say goodbye to this decaying social system
He wants to know, how far we're willing to go?
If we love Him like we say we do, He'll try us
Just you don't regress, or slip into hopelessness
Once He's satisfied, His love, He won't deny us
And then He'll tell us what, what we gonna do now
Where we gonna go now, what we gonna say now
And then He'll tell us, what, what we gonna do now
Where we gonna go now, what we gonna say now
I'm telling you, telling you, I'm telling you
I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you
He's gonna tell us, tell us, tell us
Ooh! Yeah