[Verse 1: Wyclef Jean]
I'm Chill-Master-Nell of a thousand MC's
But how are you gonna tell the real rappers from these phonies?
'Cause these days, everyone with a deal with a record company
They go home, they write a rhyme
They think they ready to battle Wyclef
Some write forward, some write backward!
I wait for them to get jiggy then catch 'em in reverse, yo
With a verse that's worse than the last one
Some say BOOF! Even though you used to diss Jamaicans
And Hatians 'cause you thought I was American
Ay Pras, remember that song they sang? (YEAH!!)
(Go back to Jamaica, what's good is what's new)
But now we Boof Baf the knuckles with the Tranzlator Crew laaaaa!

[Verse 2: Pras]
I'm from the island, the island I'm from is the Strong Island
MC's must be wacked when I syke from lack of freestylin'
Mind must be sharp until my holler girl, I get all in
Black stylin', wildin', Boof'll be trappin'
When they come to Battery Sound, see the shoes flappin'
Huh! Coolin' while I'm rappin'

[Hook: Wyclef Jean]
(BOOF BAF!) Another son gonna die!
(BOOF BAF!) If a boy just come try!
(BOOF BAF!) Another son gonna die!
(BOOF BAF!) If a boy just come try!

[Verse 3: Wyclef Jean]
Said if you write with pencil, you must write with (PEN!)
If you have a rooster, you must have a (HEN!)
Five plus five, you know that equals to (TEN!)
Then spite the yellow man, check it two, one, two, one, SYKE!!

[Verse 4: Pras]
(One, two!) I throw a flow, go catch it
(Three, four!) Back she throw before the track miss
(How far?!!) Can our style go to wreck this static?
(Will the sister grab the mic and do damage?!!)

[Verse 5: Lauryn Hill]
Aiyyo, I used to drive a hooptie, check me now Snoopy
Rollin' with the Jones' but I prefer Home Alone
See, life's got no value if I ain't got no statue
Hannibal heads, I be the kid from Timbuktu
(One, two!) Simply means, yo, check the mic, I'm ready!
(Three, four!) Means the armies of God with Uzi's
So, what came first, man? The chicken or the hoodie?
If the, hoodie came first then mans' name would be Nancy
To kill the Jesse James rough, step back, check your stance
I'll let you feel me like the chi-chi-woo-woo-boogie-man
You say I'm balanced, but you're Silence of the Lambs
And when I call your name, I say Candyman, Candyman, Candyman
(Yes I can, can, yes, I can, can)

[Hook]

Well I'm on fire (FIRE), FIRE (FIRE), FIRE (FIRE)
So let me re-light your viacom
And let you enter the-the-elec-tronic (COOL!)
And let you enter the-the-elec-tronic (COOL!)
And let you enter the-the-elec-tronic (COOL!)
And let you enter the-the-elec-tronic
All that movin', I call my nozzle you see I was an electronic
You listen to your lyrics in chime - your Panasonic
Ly-ly-ly-lyrical-UH, the di-di-di-digital
Pras, take the mic, man, you know you're really critical!

[Verse 7: Pras]
Stall MC's soft, put 'em up for-ah Death Row (yeah)
Rhyme and cultural, style and never old
Slashed the priest-fool, ooh, you're filth-swolled

[Verse 8: Wyclef Jean]
I say no to spliff, coolin' it
Somebody chuck me a... Coolin' it, coolin' it, coolin' it!
Somebody chuck me a... Hold the mic, hold the mic, hold the mic
I shoot 'em down with my last one, last one, last one, last one
(Boo-shoo-coo-coo! SMOKE!)
I got my bullet-proof and now to send my bozack

[Hook]

[Verse 9: Wyclef Jean]
This rap goes for the brothers in the neighborhood
Who used to rap on a Polaroid - here comes Father Joe
Let me clock the block as I pull fo'-five
Boof Baf - I cut the block but got stopped
I used to play hookie just to see how good an MC was
He said I bust a battle - aight, I still took a gun
No cheeba, cheeba just a Libra on a natural high
I waited so long to come out, I died and came back alive
So, hear the spirits, many fear us, a new style, son
This the new thing under the Sun, when I come, I come
Bam-bam, alakazam, he grabbed the pocket book, they ran
I came back with the bag 'cause that's my momma, man
I'm just patrollin', Boof Baf on the block
But the spot that I clock, you get shot if your numbers' are bad
So, don't get caught in the fast lane, the fast lane
And just remain yourself and be the same
'Cause many rappers these days say nuttin' for nuttin'
So, here's somethin' to take you from the AM to the PM

[Verse 10: Pras]
'Cause an imitator could never be greater
Than the creator whose the originator, step up perpetrator
See you later alligator, back-stabbin' traitor
Tape recorder, duplicator
Roughly ridin' with the head tranzlator, hah!
AND LEAVE THE 40 TO BE NAUGHTY IN THE 'FRIGERATOR!

[Hook x2]

[Outro: Wyclef Jean]
Say, gun-man (BOOF BAF!)
Say, tell me where you get your damn gun from? (BOOF BAF!)
You musta get it from the foreign land (BOOF BAF!)
We want to shoot up the whole of Babylon (BOOF BAF!)
Pay the man to rhyme onto it
Say, gun-man (BOOF BAF!)
Say, tell me where you get your damn gun from? (BOOF BAF!)
You musta get it from the foreign land (BOOF BAF!)
You want to kill your own brother, man (BOOF BAF!)
Ay, ay, ay (BOOF BAF!!)

(*undecipherable singing*)