[Intro]
I gotta find peace of mind
I know another cord...
I gotta find peace of mind
See, this what that voice in your head says
When you try to get peace of mind...
I gotta find peace of mind, I gotta find peace of mind

[Hook]
He says it's impossible, but I know it's possible
He says it's impossible, but I know it's possible

[Verse 1]
He says there's no me without him
Please help me forget about him
He takes all my energy, trapped in my memory
Constantly holding me, constantly holding me
I need to tell you all, all the pain he's caused, mmmm
I need to tell I'm, I'm undone because, mmmm

[Hook]
He says it's impossible, but I know it's possible
He says it's impossible without him, but I know it's possible

[Verse 2]
To finally be in love, and know the real meaning of
A lasting relationship, not based on ownership
I trust every part of You, 'cause all that I...
All that You say you do
You love me despite myself, sometimes I fight myself
I just can't believe that You, would have anything to do
With someone so insecure, someone so immature
Oh You inspire me, to be the higher me

[Verse 3]
You make my desire pure, You make my desire pure
Just tell me what to say, I can't find the words to say
Please don't be mad with me, I have no identity
All that I've known is gone, all I was building on
I wanna walk with You, how do I talk to You

[Verse 4]
Touch my mouth with Your hands
Touch my mouth with Your hands
Oh I wanna understand, the meaning of Your embrace
I know now I have to face, the temptations of my past
Please don't let me disgrace, will my devotion last?
Now that I know the truth, now that it's no excuse

[Pre Hook]
Keeping me from Your love, what was I thinking of?
Holding me from Your love, what was I thinking of?
You are my peace of mind, that old me is left behind
You are my peace of mind, that old me is left behind

[Hook]
He says it's impossible, but I know it's possible
He says it's improbable, but I know it's tangible
He says it's not grab-able, but I know it's have-able

[Bridge]
'Cause anything's possible, oh anything is possible
Please come free my mind, please come meet my mind
Can you see my mind, oh
Won't you come free my mind?
Oh I know it's possible
Anything, anything, anything, anything, anything, yeah
Anything, anything, anything, anything, yeah
Anything, anything, anything, anything, anything, yeah
Oh free! Free, free, free your mind
Free, free your mind... free, free your mind
Free, free, free, free your mind
Oh, it's so possible, oh it's so possible
I'm telling you it's possible, I'm telling you it's possible
Free, free... free, free... free, free... get free now
Free, free... free, free, free, free... free, free

[Guitar Break]

[Hook]
You're my peace of mind, that old me is left behind
You're my peace of mind, you're my peace of mind
He's my peace of mind, he's my peace of mind
He's my peace of mind, he's my peace of mind

[Outro]
What a joy it is to be alive
To get another chance, yeah
Everyday's another chance
To get it right this time
Everyday's another chance
Oh what a merciful, merciful, merciful God
Oh what a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful God
[Repeat till fade]