[Intro]
Spread eagle 'cross the block
Spread eagle 'cross the block
Spread eagle 'cross the block

[Hook 1]
I fuck the music, I make it cum
I fuck the music with my serpent tongue
Hit hit hit!

[Verse 1]
Want a beer? Have no fear, comes and goes, man it's here
No one knows, feels so weird when it blows through my bones
I got a jones for it, I wanna know more
Cause it's 'bout what I got to show for it
I want some more of it, I want too much
I got so bored with it, I shot it up
Wanna light my torch with it and get all fucked up
(Yeah!)
What is it? Where is it? How will it affect me?
Fuck that shit, I need that shit's bound to be the death of me
Fuck buying it I'm taking it and sharing it with nobody

[Refrain]
Cause all I really need is some cool shit to mob
Like driving down the street to the beat of a blow job

[Verse 2]
I own that shit, on some throw back shit, you already know that shit
You even know 'bout how I know the man who grows that, biatch!
You can't buy it with your money, you can't find it overseas
It's one of those things that seems outlandish 'til you have it's not a dream
As for me, I'm cool with it and that's alright cause it's my thing

[Bridge 1]
What is it? Where is it? How will it affect me?

[Verse 3]
Work that angle 'til it's beveled, curve of the blade doubled
Edge made to bleed the struggle, best believe the game's a hustle
Observer of the strange occurrences, conjurer of the subtle
Unseen but felt disturbances that burst a bitch's bubble
That’s right it’s all mine, never was yours
Like how you wait in line while I walk straight through the door, straight through the-
Hear you say something but ain't nothing, spectators ignored
Pay no mind to that chump's just a player-hatin' whore

[Hook 2]
I fuck the music, I make it cum
I fuck the music with my serpent tongue
Ain’t no fun if the aliens can't have none

[Verse 4]
How I fuck it dirty, how I make it twitch and scream
How it screams, "Oh, baby, hurt me. Work me to the bone. Oh, please"
How I bend the rhythm over and hit, hit, hit it on my knees
Give, give, give it up, I need it all the time
Bleed it on the drop of a dime, down to pound it 'til it shines
Moonlit lake of blood red wine, make no mistake, I makes it mine
Break shit down and make it grind to the groove used to align
The cascading shades of jaded blues with these rhymes
Nuclear steeze creeps and winds
Through secrets behind and between every time I scream:
"Shit is mine! It's all mine!
All the time! Shit is mine!"

[Bridge 2]
What is it? Where is it? How will it affect me?
Fuck that shit, I need that shit
(Yeah)

[Verse 5]
Thought you knew, thought you thought, thought you did but did not
Come on through; What you got? Is it cool? Is it hot?
Check one two, man don't stop, I'm not through black blood clot
In my view like that twat spread eagle 'cross the block
(Spread eagle 'cross the block)
(Spread eagle 'cross the block)
(Spread eagle 'cross the block)
Need no ego to rock
What we know just gets dropped, how we keep shit on lock

[Refrain]
Cause all I really need is some cool shit to mob
Like driving down the street to the beat of a blow job

[Outro]
Shit is mine, it's all mine
All the time, shit is mine