[Verse 1: Butch Cassidy]
We like to spend our time making music day and night
Bang all the few new girls who keep it nice and tight
Then, we may blow some trees and get to drinkin on the creek?
This is our way of life and everyone's a G
I'm usually short on time before i've got the game on life ? (time)
Yes, y'all, this is our dream, makin' money and diggin out (dimes)
What cha know in cali, we really throw a party
And if you didn't know, you really should ask somebody

[Hook: Chevy Jones]
Nothing could be better, than you and me together
(ooh, ohh, you, ooh, ooh you, just ?? on it)
Nothing could be better, than you and me together
(ooh, ooh, you, ooh ooh you, just ?? on you)

[Verse 2: Bishop Lamont]
Bump this at your family reunion
Bust a soul train line, summertime
Even granny out there groovin'
Have a good time, whatever y'all doin
Right now, somewhere black folks barbecuin'
World on wheels do it big get to movin'
Fresh out the car wash, floss low-cruisin
Up and down the 'shaw, watch out for the law
?? some new kicks from the fox hills mall
Girls all around, knock 'em all down
Keep your pimp hand strong, if a hooker tryna clown
Hit the beach for a spill, big females
Lips right, hips right, tits right, all the details
Spill drink on your apparel because of clumsy ass hoes
Hit brother daryl's for a white t, watch before he closes
Pro 5's 3x tall, this the way the west ball
Heard about a crackin pool party, homie just called
Full of fine freaks, woman in nothin but they drawers
And they can make it slap, clap like an audience applause
Plus nobody i know got killed in south central l.a
Today was a good day

[Hook: Chevy Jones]
Nothing could be better, than you and me together
(ooh, ohh, you, ooh, ooh you, just ?? on it)
Nothing could be better, than you and me together
(ooh, ooh, you, ooh ooh you, just ?? on you)

[Verse 3: Bo-Key Loc & Chevy Jones]
Oh, i need some 13 skates (cause we bout to go groovin')
Boogie circle, high off the purple
Me and my babies (let the ?? on ya)
We don't hear nothin' but the music
So relax and enjoy the ride
Let the top down tonight
That's all i wanna do
Let the wind caress your skin I'm feelin it
Hey, what a lovely day with my baby boy
And i sure don't want for the fun to end now

[Hook: Chevy Jones]
Nothing could be better, than you and me together
(ooh, ohh, you, ooh, ooh you, just ?? on it)
Nothing could be better, than you and me together
(ooh, ooh, you, ooh ooh you, just ?? on you)

[Verse 4: Suga Free]
You know we keep the party crackin like it's mandatory out here
My momma even said baby, come dance with me out here
Ain't nobody shootin, ain't nobody scrappin
Barefootin' on the beach with family, that's what's happenin'
Somebody gotta show these kids that there's more to love
And there's more to life than gangbangin and dealin with drugs
Then hit the club with some independent sexy california ladies
Shorty tryin' to party tonight in here baby
After this, we hit the after hours (it don't stop)
Now I'm all up in her head, so i could check me a night
"ooh girl, how you doin'? where you came?"
Give me that bubblegum tongue with that pretty scream and rant
What could be better than that?
She catchin' her flight back to sac and took the rent a car back
Oh? a pool party now plus a pool party and a suga free show?
You ain't said nothin, pimpin, you already know
Look at uncle larry with his lyin ass, probably lyin now
My cousin becky fired up, now she quiet down
B-boy she with my cousin 'aight
You know what I'm talkin about, you got one too
And you wonder why

[Hook: Chevy Jones]
Nothing could be better, than you and me together
(ooh, ohh, you, ooh, ooh you, just ?? on it)
Nothing could be better, than you and me together
(ooh, ooh, you, ooh ooh you, just ?? on you)