[Hook: Phat Kat 2x]
Y'all niggas just rapping
Gon' 'head keep yapping, we makin' shit happen
Run up, cause when them thangs get to clappin'
My whole team is mean, nigga, we All Madden

[Verse 1: Phat Kat]
Ronnie Euro, stay forever ready, (YEAH!) my aim's immaculate
Holdin' the flame steady, please, don't let me get to bussin' (BAH!) Kalashnikov - AK Russian
Built heavy duty, you nigga's ain't saying nothing (Un-un!)
Grown ass man, no time for bickerin' and fussin'
Heard you got locked, and got to singin', like Justin
Post your bail? Have my shooter, blast you with the musket (BAH!) That shit that came out your head, was lookin' like some custard
My moves are silent, plans? Never discuss them
Got hit for your budget, they found you with them
And your body rotten under nuggets, my fortress of solitude Concocted rhymes crush him, will leave all
Y'all shook, like "What did he say?" Lookin' for your remote Quick to press the replay,  step in any booth
And run you suckers, like a relay, Obi-Rhyme Kanobi
Here to kill you slowly, I ain't friendly, so you bitches
'Bout pay me what you owe me, need I say? This is polo
Everyday, you niggas know me, that we makin' shit happen

[Hook 2: Phat Kat]
Run up, just when them thangs get to clappin'
My whole team is mean, nigga, we All Madden
Y'all niggas just rapping
Gon' 'head keep yapping, we makin' shit happen
Run up, cause when them thangs get to clappin'
My whole team is mean, nigga, we All Madden

[Verse 2: Guilty Simpson]
YEAH, uh, still I stand, I'm in mint condition
With time, meanin' I gotta couple bands
Stackin' off of rappin', my dude, so what you sayin'?
NOTHIN', cookin' these suckers in buttered pans
They tell me, "It's a young man's game", I say "Naw"
"It's a grown man's game", I got fans, a shooter
With a high hand, darin' your crew, when the airin' is through?
I'm eatin' rappers, like tiramisu
What I speak, is terror to you, the truth hurt, don't it?
The illest on the earth wrote it, me
And my team, is all the about the green, they hatin'
So I copped another heater, with the beam, want to be kings?
I'll bring an endin' to your dreams, bells I ring
From to Belarus to Phillipines, still supreme
And those who object? I'll shoot a hole in your neck
Round here? We as cold as it gets

[Hook: Phat Kat + (Gulity Simpson)]
(It's All Madden) Y'all niggas just rapping
Gon' 'head keep yapping, we makin' shit happen
Run up, just when them thangs get to clappin'
My whole team is mean, nigga, we All Madden

[Verse 3: Elzhi]
For not following God, you are hollow inside and weren't stable
Now you eat your words, swallowin' pride and turn tables
The thought of even stoppin' me? Lettin' my light shine
Mighta went right into your left, but left out of your right mind
It's not possible, don't cross my path
It's got obstacles, the gossip you jot is writin' fossil fuels
I'm the G.O.A.T, that Detroit raised that
Made his one shot look like, three point plays
From half court, I craft what the fiends on the ave snort
Through paragraphs, to get you high, as a giraffe wart
Cause y'all don't spit as versatile as me, I'm cuttin' you deep
Give you a split personality, this what they thirst for
Perform my first tour, an open mic attempt
I've always had pinstripes, like a pimp
Since what I write's jizzin', and just keep my height risen
So you can't see me when I black out, even with night vision

[Hook: Phat Kat]
Y'all niggas just rapping
Gon' 'head keep yapping, we makin' shit happen
Run up, just when them thangs get to clappin'
My whole team is mean, nigga, we All Madden
Y'all niggas just rapping, UH
Gon' 'head keep yapping, we makin' shit happen
Run up, cause when them thangs get to clappin'
My whole team is mean, nigga, we All Madden