[Intro: Guilty Simpson]
Yeah, (uh huh, uh huh) Guilty Simpson
We're bringin' this one home for the D (J Dilla!)
Detroit City, there’s nothin’ like us
(What’s goin’ down?)
(Real)… yo!

[Verse 1: Guilty Simpson]
I sit on the end at the movies and let my feet stick out
Any nigga with a problem get his teeth chipped out
Fuck around and get your fleet picked out
My nina ross is like window defrost when this heat kick out (out!)
Bring your heater when you come to the D
That’s why the invitation reads B.Y.O.G
Beyond focus, graduated from the ranks of hopeless
Great shot, my gun scopeless
It’s Detroit’s turn, sit back and learn
While we kick back and yearn
Sip 'gnac and burn the best weed
You wanna challenge my theory, my nigga, let’s bleed
Turn the Great Lakes into the Red Seas
I smell the bitch in you niggas from here
I’m in your face so I’m positive you’re hearin’ me clear (yeah!)
It's our year, there will be no fakin’
So you pussy niggas should consider relocation

[Chorus: Guilty Simpson and J Dilla]
We barricaded gunmen, armed with artillery
Strapped, livin’ the live, this ain’t rap, nigga
It’s Guilt and Jaylib attackin’ ya
Got a script for the actin' up (action!)
We barricaded gunmen, armed with artillery
Strapped, livin’ the live, this ain’t rap, nigga
It’s Guilt and Jaylib attackin’ ya
Got a script for the actin' up (action!)

[Verse 2: J Dilla]
It ain't the game we play, but the way that we play it
Mad to beat it and Jay Dee to spray it
Guilt for the get-away and shakin’ the haters
Fuck sayin’ names, makin’ ‘em famous
It's barefoot bullyshit, so you don’t need them house shoes
Or nothin’, just like what peon niggas amount to
When we bounce through, don’t get nervous
You gets no service on some 'no shoes no shirt' shit
Is it serious here? Wait for the verdict
It won’t be in your favor the case and the jury is bribed
You can compare it to mace in the eye
I spit it, it burns, you better learn I’m one of the greatest alive
And got somethin’ to say? Choke on the balls
Jaylib invade, it’s over for y’all, muh'fuckers

[Chorus: Guilty Simpson and J Dilla]
We barricaded gunmen, armed with artillery
Strapped, livin’ the live, this ain’t rap, nigga
It’s Guilt and Jaylib attackin’ ya
Got a script for the actin' up (action!)
We barricaded gunmen, armed with artillery
Strapped...