[Intro: will.i.am]
(Booyah!)
We live and direct
From that inner space, outer space
Invading your space

[Chorus: The Black Eyed Peas & CL]
Aye, yo, baby I'm super duper, super dope, oh
I feel like I’m made of solid gold
Aye, yo, baby I'm super duper, super dope
I'm super baby, I’m super dope
I'm super baby, I'm super dope

[Verse 1: will.i.am]
I'm doper than a dope boy
Make a lotta dough, call me doughboy
Rocking Yves Saint Laurent coat boy
Control the whole game remote boy (Booyah!)
Motherfucker, I'm a superstar
Shine so bright like a quasar
Stay on point like a laser
Willy got so much flavor (Booyah!)
Wanna know about me, go to wiki-wiki
I'ma time bomb 'bouta ticky, ticky
Sent me on top on a tippy, tippy
Only fly chickens, I'm picky, picky
So ill I’m sicky, sicky
Yeah, got the liquor you can sippy, sippy
Me love you long time, no quicky, quicky
Lotta girl on my dang, dang, diggy-diggy

[Chorus: The Black Eyed Peas & CL]
Aye, yo, baby i’m super duper, super dope, oh
I feel like I'm made of solid gold
Aye, yo, baby I’m super duper, super dope
I'm super baby, i'm super dope
I'm super baby, i’m super dope

[Verse 2: apl.de.ap & Taboo]
I knock 'em out the box, boy
I ain't something you could stop boy (Booyah!)
I'm on fire, yeah, I'm hot boy
And I'm that flavor, that you're not boy (Booyah!)
I got 'em sweating like a fat man
I'm all up in your head, like a CAT scan
Delete 'em and throw 'em in the trash can
Attack 'em with the boom-bap original rap man (Booyah!)
I'm the cream of the crop boy
Supreme cause I'm sitting on the top boy
I make it crack cause I rock, boy
Constant means that tab don't stop boy (Booyah!)
I kill the game and the coaches
Spray lead now they running like roaches
Dead prez now here come the vultures
Make bread cause I'm coming with that dopeness

[Chorus: The Black Eyed Peas & CL]
Aye, yo, baby I'm super duper, super dope, oh
I feel like I'm made of solid gold
Aye, yo, baby I'm super duper, super dope

[Refrain:]
Drop the beat

[Verse 3: will.i.am]
Body blow, body blow
Hit the floor
Fight over ring the bell baby di-di-di-ding
T.K.O. comatose adios
Slow motion on you muddafuckah (Booyah!)
Super man, super gun
Make 'em run
Shoot 'em down with the wicky-wicky, ba-ba-ba-bang
Automatic now ya body looking polkadotted
Blood splattered, when I hit ya with the "Booyah"
Whiplash get the cash get the ching, ching
Get the gold, get the jewels, get the bli-bli-bli-bling
Get the money, get the cash, get the dough
Ten hundred, twenties, baby get that (Booyah!)
Dollar sign, dollar sign
On the brain, on the mental
Got money on my mah-mah-mah-mind
Make 'em stop, hammer time
Hustle time, keep on hustling

[Chorus: The Black Eyed Peas & CL]
Aye, yo, baby i'm super duper, super dope, oh
I feel like I'm made of solid gold
Aye, yo, baby I'm super duper, super dope
I'm super baby, i'm superdope

[Verse 4: CL]
I'm doper than the dope game
Making more money than the dope man
You see me double fisting holding champagne
Got turnt up, till I had no brain
Motherfucker I'ma rockstar
In a G6 eatin' up the caviar
Started from the bottom, now I'm outta here
Started from the bottom, now I'm outta here (Booyah!)
I be on my hustle getting busy-busy
Tokyo to Brussels got me dizzy, dizzy
Travel round the world like where is she, is she?
Hit me on the phone, I say moshi moshi
I keep the 100, never 50/50
I keep it hip-hop, never hippy, hippy
I don't luh da coco, no sniffy, sniffy
I got soul cause Seoul is my city, city

[Chorus: The Black Eyed Peas & CL]
Aye, yo, baby i'm super duper, super dope, oh
I feel like I'm made of solid gold
Aye, yo, baby I'm super duper, super dope
I'm super baby, i'm super dope
I'm super baby, i'm super dope