[Intro]
(Realtor) Hello! Come on
(Realtor) Nice to see you, welcome
(Classified) How you doing man, this is the place?
(Realtor) You bet it's the place
(Classified) It's a lot older than what the ad said
(Realtor) Oh it's old; it's real old, a man died in there
(Classified) Really?
(Realtor) Yeah, during the boom; bad handler
(Classified) Can we go check it out?
(Realtor) I ain't never been in there, man; no one ain't
(Realtor) No one been in there since the man died
(Realtor) You wanna check it out? Yeah, I'll give you ten minutes
(Classified) Yeah, I wanna go check it out. Take a couple pictures
(Realtor) You take whatever you want
(Realtor) Do whatever you want in there, I wouldn't go in
(Realtor) You go hear me, don't break anything in there
(Realtor) You hear me? Don't go breaking anything!

Here, here goes another classic (here goes another classic)
Yeah, let's take it back to

[Chorus]
Two turntables and a mic
Wiggity-wiggity whip the microphone; it's God damn right
That's the only way they're gonna hear you
Fresher than fresh

[Chorus #2]
Two turntables and a mic
Wiggity-wiggity whip the microphone; it's God damn right
Yeah, you're talking that bullshit
That's the only way they're gonna hear you

[Verse 1]
Yeah, yeah
And yo, straight from the motherfucking field
Everything I do is too real, too ill
Said they want rap shit, gotta give 'em rap shit
Run up in your city with that gritty boom bap shit
Yell it to the world, never sleep on me
I'm still tryna wake 'em up, it's a free coffee
This is what you need, this is that tongue-in-cheek
This is that one, two, three
No Sesame Street, but the numbers speak; like, come on
It's going down, I'm 'bout to free fall
I hold it down like a fat kid on a seesaw
I do it bigger than bigger, I do it big y'all
I ain't a baller but balls bigger than beach balls
I'm locked and loaded this is pure survival
Fuck fame, it killed my idols; Biggie and Michael
And ain't nobody talking making any sense
But people at the shows still sitting in the stands
Yeah (get up, get up)
I bet it all like Pro-Line
I ran it through the goal line, and hit the fucking gold mine
They try to leave me out to dry, hang 'em from the clothesline
But watch me go with Showtime, that's why I pay 'em no mind

[Bridge]
Now let me know if we gotta get in (damn right)
We be busy rocking maybe you're asleep (damn right)
Ain't nobody here ready to leave (damn right)
So here we go (here we go)
Come on, come on

[Chorus]
Two turntables and a mic
Wiggity-wiggity whip the microphone; it's God damn right
That's the only way they're gonna hear you
Fresher than fresh

[Verse 2]
Let me nibble on your nipple and tickle you 'til you giggle
Baby, I keep it dirty since I was simple and little
I scribble these riddles to spin your head like a swivel
I talk my way out of pickles, you talkin' so superficial
We know it, we know it; I keep it hardcore like parkour
Luke against the Dark Lord like it's Star Wars
I keep it sweating like Rick Ross, flip flops
I took my life into my own hands like criss-cross
Don't even try to correct me (you won't)
Don't even try to understand and dissect me (move on)
And keep your mouth shut, you're talking too recklessly
I'm 'bout to cut your lifeline, like a vasectomy
Successfully, I did this domestically
Without any recipe and kept the integrity
I'm better than I ever been, a legend and a gentleman
Pumping like adrenaline, I'm pain relief like medicine
Man, who bumped the damn turntable?
I know you feeling good, but this could quickly turn fatal
Don't ever stop the music when you rocking like this
'Cause you could lose a great thing like 2Pac in Nine-Six

[Bridge]
Now let me know if we gotta get in (damn right)
We be busy rocking maybe you're asleep (damn right)
Ain't nobody here ready to leave (damn right)
So here we go (here we go)
Come on, come on

[Chorus]
Two turntables and a mic
Wiggity-wiggity whip the microphone; it's God damn right
That's the only way they're gonna hear you
Fresher than fresh

[Outro]
Damn right
(Mike Boyd) Luke, where you at? Luke!
(Mike Boyd) Luke? ... What are you doing man?
(Realtor) I guess their ten minutes is up