[Intro: Rocky Balboa]
The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows.  Its a very mean, and nasty place and I don't care how tough you are, it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it

[Verse 1: Classified]
I met this kid a couple years ago who was nine at the time
A fan of my music recited it line after line
He said his brother took a bullet from a nine to his spine
And his parents are heartbroken can't stop crying' since he died
Mistaken identity, wrong place and time
But nobody came forth, everyone blind to the crime
He was playing' basketball right in front of the 'rise
But nobody seen nothin'? Man it's a sign of the times
And its disgustin'
But this nine year olds out for justice, like
"Fuck this I gotta do something for my older brother."
He asked if I could help and I said "Anything you need."
Said he needs to know what happened so his brother could rest in peace
He wanted me to make a video asking for support
If anybody knows something, don't be scared to come forward
So I did it
And people tried to label that as snitching?
Like really? What the fuck am I missing here?
This boy lost his brother, now an innocent kid isn't here
I'm just trying to help, is that wrong? Man this isn't fair
If that was your brother or your kid, would you give a shit?
I know I ain't a snitch, but are you sure you ain't a hypocrite?

[Chorus: Classified]
It's hard to understand
Life can be a trip, enjoy it when its good
Just get through it when its bad
Cause life can be a bitch
But life can be a gift
Life can be a trip, enjoy it when its good
Just get through it when its bad
Cause life can be a bitch
But life can be a gift
So slow it down, cause life can be too quick
(Oh baby)

[Verse 2: Classified]
Last year, I went to the hospital for sick kids
My cousin worked there, said they'd appreciate the visit
"Just a couple minutes come say hi, take some pictures, sign some autographs for the brothers, the mothers and sisters."
Not a problem, I even did a song or two
Looking at these kids like "I wish I was as strong as you"
Smiles on their face, tubes hanging from their ears
Trying to take the walk of life, but confined to wheelchairs
Its unbelievable
Then I met Simon, this other kid
He missed my performance, he was too sick to get out of bed
I was nervous at first, and couldn't comprehend
How a child who's so sick could be so happy and content
He said he was a huge fan of me and Billy Talent
Told him I just met those guys last week, they were real cool
He liked that
Fifteen year old with leukaemia trying to fight back
But he wasn't complaining about where his life's at
We talked for awhile, till the nurse made her rounds
She said I had to leave, I said "Goodbye" and gave him pounds
We complain about life and now I know it ain't necessary
And I'm reminded overtime I read Simon's obituary

[Chorus: Classified]
It's hard to understand
Life can be a trip, enjoy it when its good
Just get through it when its bad
Cause life can be a bitch
But life can be a gift
Life can be a trip, enjoy it when its good
Just get through it when its bad
Cause life can be a bitch
But life can be a gift
So slow it down, cause life can be to quick

[Outro: Rocky Balboa]
Nobody, is gonna hit as hard as life.  It ain't about how hard you hit, its about how hard you can get hit, and keep movin' forward, how much you can take, and keep moving' forward