[Verse 1: Classified]
Uh, uh I’m seeing bright lights and big cities
Too many ugly people sitting pretty
Uh, I’m seeing good people, down and out
And these days a good guy seems out of style
Sometimes it’s hard to crack a smile when I look around
My school used to hang a crucifix but took it down
I guess it’s ‘cause some of these priests are even crooked now
You talk religion now a days and man, they just put you down
Like, what the hell?
I don’t know who to trust, I’m so over protective
They say the youth is depressed. They’re over energetic
Prescribing Ritalin to fill 'em with anti-depressants
My brother's been on them since adolescent and he’s still dependent on it
Honest, we live a life of solace
Marriage is a joke, a TV show for profit
I’ve seen the double crosser
I’ve seen the people causing other people paining problems just to make a dollars of 'em
I see society, rioting, violently
Fighting for the peace, huh, don’t they see the irony?
We living in a dirty world and it needs to be refreshed
So the rain keeps falling down to wash away the mess
I’m blessed

[Chorus]
I'm blessed, yes
If half of the world is amazed by things that we find so true
Find so true
And out of that world the amazing amounts to just me and you
Me and you
Could it be that we ain't from here
Ain't from here
I'm pray prayin' for the rain to wash away
Hoping that the rain will wash away

[Verse 2: Classified]
I see a lot of people losing faith
Uh, I see the media producing hate
Got me thinking I should pack it in and move away
Now a days, me and my neighbors don't communicate
Too many people are afraid. Who's supposed to lead us?
We don't trust the politicians, they just lie and cheat us
Treating us like animals like lions and cheetahs
Crucify society like they did to Jesus. Can't believe it
Don't know who to trust. Nobody but us
The people policing the streets are even too corrupt
I see them fighting for the wealth, fighting for religion
I seem 'em begging for forgiveness but they won't forgive 'em
What kind of life we living? Huh?
The world is dirty, needs to be refreshed
So the rain falls down to wash away the mess
Drown the wicked ones, while the pure stay afloat
Is this the end or the beginning? I don't know
It sounds familiar though
I'm blessed

[Chorus]
I'm blessed, yes
If half of the world is amazed by things that we find so true
Find so true
And out of that world the amazing amounts to just me and you
Me and you
Could it be that we ain't from here
Ain't from here
I'm pray prayin' for the rain to wash away
Hoping that the rain will wash away

[Bridge]
What if the rain poured down tonight?
(Alright, alright alright)
Would you wake up in a different light?
(Alright, alright alright)
Or would you change, would you change, would you change your ways?
(Alright, alright alright)
So let it rain, let it rain, let it wash away
(Alright, alright alright)
Yes

[Bridge: Classified]
Uh, is it religion? Is it race?
Is it jealousy or hate?
Is it just the way we're made?
Or could it be the way we're raised? Let it rain
Noah's Arc..