It's hard to be strong when you feelin' powerless (powerless)

[Intro]
"I'm sorry that she is affected. I did not ever intend to hurt anyone."
"How in the name of God, could you think that she wouldn't be affected?! How?! You do not have no idea how devastated we are feeling because of what you did."

[Verse 1]
She wonders why nobody hears her cry
The footsteps in the hallway have her terrified
Scared as she looks into his staring eyes
He crawls into her bed and she just lays there, almost paralyzed Feelin' powerless
She feels so powerless
She closed her eyes and hides under the covers
As her father tried to touch her
He took advantage of her, took all her innocence from her
She tried to explain to mother, but she said she don't believe it
Nobody wanna talk about it
'Cause this don't happen to good people
This don't happen to good people
At the age of 17, she finally went to the police
Charged him for the crimes he did
And finally took him off the streets
Then at the trial, she had to relive it all again
Understand, explaining how this man took her life within
Abused for 9 years, he got 4 months in the bin
She got a life-long sentence, he got slap on the wrist
It happens all too much, but too many keep it 'hush-hush'
How these kids suppose to trust us?
Man, don't let em feel powerless

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm not sad I'm strong
I won't feel powerless
I won't feel powerless
I won't feel powerless

[Chorus]
Thank you to my hero, I hope to meet you some day
Can anybody out there hear me? I hope somebody can hear me
Cause I don't wanna be here no more
Thank you to my hero, I hope to meet you some day
Can anybody out there hear me? I hope somebody can hear me
Cause I don't wanna be here no more

[Bridge]
One day, one day
One day, one day

[Verse 2]
Shout out where my birthplace is, and to the First Nations
And to the people making the best out of the worst cases
Too many unanswered questions and open murder cases
Without a voice how are we suppose to encourage changes?
My grandmother was part-white and part-Native
In fact, my highschool was part-white and part-Native
Personally connected, I've met people who've been affected
They've been asking for some help, but they been continually neglected
How many more of these indigenous women have to go missing Before somebody will listen? Huh?
We need to change the conditions, maybe it's blatant racism
Maybe there's hate in the system, but we gotta fix it
Cause the people feel powerless
And the mothers feel powerless
And the fathers feel powerless
Like, "Don't anybody care about my daughter?"
"Don't anybody care if she's alive or she been slaughtered?"
They deserve to know, so they can go and bury her with honour
Big up to those fightin' on, and everybody fightin' strong
I wish that I could do more than just write a song

[Pre-Chorus]
I feel so powerless
I feel so powerless
I'm not sad I'm strong
It's hard to be strong
But don't feel powerless
Don't feel powerless
Don't feel powerless
No, speak up and keep on

[Chorus]
Thank you to my hero
I hope to meet you some day
Can anybody out there hear me?
I hope somebody can hear me
Cause I don't wanna be here no more, one day, one day
One day (One day, one day)
Cause I don't wanna be here no more
For some people all they have is hope (one day, one day)
Hopefully one day (cause I don't want to be here no more)
There's a lot of things that we don't like talking about
(No more, no more)
And we know we should be talking about it
(Cause I don't wanna be here no more)
This happens a lot more than what we think it does
(No more, no more)
Don't let it make you feel powerless

[Bridge]
One day, one day
One day, one day