Subtext
Today, in the year 2002, the cultural artform called HIP HOP has been
Desecrated by false profits and ergonomics. It's all very strange:
Emcees want to be rockstars, and rockstars want to be emcees
Obviously, we're all posing

Just like blues, jazz, and other African musical tradition, HIP HOP
Has been diluted and presented to the mainstream as a vehicle for
Money, fame, and power. Everybody wants a piece, taking but never
Giving anything back to the culture

This video is dedicated to HIP HOP, as a voice for those who are
Physically and psychologically oppressed. Lo and behold, the
Universal Law of Cause and Effect is swift and true, and those
Who have manipulated will reap what they sow. Still, at this
Time the state of HIP HOP is enough to make an emcee go crazy

Here is a Story of one who did

Intro
Yo the year is 2002
It's the end of the jiggy era
People on the planet Earth are tired
In an effort to aid a great shipment millions of bodies incarnate (GET UP!)
To rock mic's

Complex, this hip hop alchemy
When I was a kid I watched Electric Company
Now I'm all grown living life to the bone
New tone, spaceship take me home
Back to the seventh sun the seventh one
When I drop patience, Kheaven's done
This eloquent vernacular is black enough
To bring a change to Dracula
Uh, I'm hitting them with synonym adrenaline
Then I send em up into the kingdom of the heavens
A matter of time before this rhyme
Infiltrates the bloodstream into the mind
Of a man living a life in Babylonia
I'm lonely as she went to California
Frisco, hypno's, get clothes
Crystals, taking it back to the raw rap

[Sample: Flavor Flav]
(You, you blind baby. You're blind from the fact.. oh yeah cause you're
Watching that garbage!)

(Chorus) x2
Ooh I love this girl
She's a superstar
You can change the world
You're a superstar

Okay, here we go. Verse two
Yo, I got lyrical shots aimin at T. Dot
Telling me that you are, when you know that you're not
Uptown, chilling at the corner store
Thinking, "Why the hell do I front, I'm hardcore"
Like Castro, master flows pass the golden links
Whatever you think its all old, you get it?
Whatever the cost I will not floss
Emcees actin a boss they all get tossed
Off the plank
Hold the dank I don't burn
I got a lot to say but really lots to learn
Turn, baby you're just not concerned
Whatever earned, thinking of the most high earned
I flip with this some hit, some miss
Don't get fooled by lyrical ventriloquist the twist
Most flee I'm Krishnaji
Come back to flip rap
Do it to crowd; make 'em clap

Superstar, superstar, superstar

(Chorus) x2
Ooh I love this girl
She's a superstar
You can't change the world
You're a superstar

(Get up! Get up! Come on!)