[Verse 1]
It was Saturday night and I was feeling kinda sporty
Went to the bar copped me a 40
Got kinda high and uh kinda drunk
So I kicked the ass of this little punk
Forgot my key and had to ring my bell
My momma came down, she said, "Who the hell?"
Wait momma, wait, it's me your little son
Before I knew it my mom pulled a gun
"I know who you are, but who the hell is that?"
I turned around man, this bitch was fat
I really don't know how she got into the car
I must have picked her up when I left the bar
You know I'm horny homey man I wanted to chill
But you know how mothers are, she wanted to ill
So I said, "Hey baby is you on the pill?
'Cause, tonight I wanna be your lover
Just one thing, I forgot to buy a rubber"
Wait a little while then we snuck upstairs
Step by step with a hint of fear
We got into my room, bitch started to scream
Momma busted in what a fucked up scene
Shirt ripped off, drawers down to my knees
Wait momma, wait momma, wait, wait, please
Put back your gun, put down your broom
My mom fucked up the room
The bitch jumped up with no respect
I had to put the big, big bitch in check
I said, "You come a little closer and you will get shot"
"I'm sober anyway, I don't need no cock"

[Interlude]
Oh yeah
Them wild Saturday nights man, you know what I mean?
They wild and shit man, they wild man
You know
Yeah man let me tell you about another Saturday night experience I had

[Verse 2]
It was Saturday night and I was feeling kinda funny
Gold around my neck, pockets full of money
Went to the corner, man and who did I see?
But this super bad bitch looking back at me
I said, "Fly lady man, you got a big butt"
This bitch turned around, all she said was, "What?"
I said, "My name is Schoolly baby, uh what is yours?"
Before I knew it up come my boys
Noisy as hell and drunk as shit
Saying, "Yo Schoolly School, what time is it?"
Looked a little closer and I knew it was a gag
What I thought was a girl was nothing but a fag

[Interlude]
Aw man, you know what I mean
You know what I mean
Wild Saturday Nights man
You know I got something else to say man
I got something to say everybody
It’s like this

[Verse 3]
Everybody rapping but they don't know how
Shoulda seen the boy rapping to the cow
He rapped so hard that the nigga saw smoke
He lit up his cheeba and they both took a toke
The cow got high and the boy got by
Don't come in my face and ask me why

Cheeba Cheeba ya'll
Yeah it's that cheeba cheeba making 'em feel like that
Cheeba Cheeba ya'll

Some call it Cheeba, some call it weed
It's the killer, it's the thriller, it's the thing that you need
Said Cheeba Cheeba y’all

Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet
Smoking a J and scratching the itch
Along came a spider and sat down beside her
And said, "Yo, what's up with that, bitch?"
But then down the road came Mary and her lambs
Smoking a Lacy in each and every hand
The poor little spider, he couldn't score any
They was two dollar bitches and he only had a penny

Cheeba Cheeba ya'll
Yeah Cheeba Cheeba ya'll

Let me tell you a little tale about Peter the Pimp
Sucker MC, trying to cop a limp
Rode around town in a couple of cars
Got gagged by the man trying to stick up a bar
The judge said, "Boy, what was on your mind?"
He said, "I had some Cheeba Cheeba, cocaine and some wine."
The judge said, "Boy, relax and have a beer
You won't be doing shit for the next ten years."

Cheeba Cheeba ya’ll
Yeah, it’s that Cheeba Cheeba
Cheeba Cheeba y’all
Some call it Cheeba, some call it weed
It’s the killer, it’s the thriller, it’s the thing that you need
Cheeba Cheeba ya’ll

[Outro]
Yeah, you know
Me and my man Code Money
My man M&M
We just chilling, you know what I mean
My name happens to be Schoolly D, if you didn’t guess by now
Only Schoolly D would make some crazy ass shit like this
Haha I get back
Take it away Code