[Intro/Hook: ANTHM]
Peep the style never, follow trends
Will I kick it with chu, well it all depends
But uh, while your at it have a friend tell a friend
You're now fuckin' with the crème de la crème
With the crème de la crème
You're now fuckin' with the crème de la crème
Have a friend tell a friend
Your now fuckin' with a...now fuckin' with a...

[Verse 1: Versis]
Cream of the Crop, rocking a Double-A shin brace
Said she like the way I cater ? everyday
We born late same level kind of levitate
Sober over ? ? off that medicate, shoulder weight
Drama on the rooftop, spark it up and get high
Look it that in the iris, it's [?] and so [?]
Hustle up in your ?, she gave me ?
Wonder how her jeans ?
Tell it to me
No wonder why ? ? do the sex and the flex
What they call a ? men, she's noisey and adores me
And lures me in ???, cause she's gorgeous
Ain't never met another quite like she
Well well ain't never met another quite like me
A testimony to the two of us in good company
? at us ? at the night sky ?, like ? ? ? ? ? ?

[Hook: ANTHM]

[Verse 2: ScienZe]
I be living like I'm fly with my wings out
Writing ? about what I think about
God-given I'm giving them love
Got the rings out, ring fingers be blinged out!
Boats ? like a rental, ? gonna get these kinks out
Sharp ? like a pencil
What chu you know about sharp, sophisticated
It starts with slacks matching the sky, inebriated
I'm grown, kinda rugs that ? Indian ?
It's bugged, she gave a shrug
We danced until we ?
Raised glass cause we out of that classic gang ?
Skipped on water and ? forget the stones
We rock'em until we get ?
Loving this 'til we older
Young without the dumb
She holding on to my shoulders
A queen made by a queen, her walk mean
She long, gifted and gorgeous
Smile that's ? seen, my heart screams
Curves busting out the scene it seems
Yo ? what's coffee without your ?

[Hook: ANTHM]

[Verse 3: Blu]
The butterfly with the tux, buttoned up to the neck
? truck wasn't, appropriate for the eps
Still we connect on the upper eche
She had it fresh
Her rookie card was kind of like collector's edition, Upper Deck
Still I could, never figure out the opposite sex
But I would, bend her figure out of context
Her mindset would've blow your mind up, like a bomb threat
? chairs on recline, coconut complex, hind legs
Tall as my ?, tall glass of wine, she all Valentined up
For the contest, find us in the candlelight
Will she be camera shy, even though she championed ? beauty Mic Tyson
She's nice like ice in ?
Ice on another ?, special like a wife, ice picks, and ? ya dig
I hit the party with a wig, do my ? like ?
Little penny Tyra Banks, hit the bank with me nigga

[Hook: ANTHM]