[Verse One]:
Check
I ain't come in the game to get a fuckin' chain
And get my name in the XXL, they say that Reks can't sell
I don't lick my lips like LL
I don't diddy bop, is he pop? H.E.L.L. no
Tell your crew they suck
Before I point to your team I'mma just say fuck
Cause I don't give a fuck about your crew, what?
I ain't checkin' out your Myspace, fuck up outta my space
Why chase dreams when your dreams asinine and?
Why speak of things when you know your team's lyin'?
Raps dyin' cause of you, still breathin' cause of me
Come to me for the heat, for the beats
Dial N.O.T.T.Z., him so fo' sheezy
Ill with it, spill lyrics to go so easy
A middle finger to the foes who oppose
Anybody ice grillin' at my shows it goes...

[Hook]:
Yeah, you don't like how I walk and talk mayne
You don't like how I dress and do my thing
You don't like how I rep for my crew
"You don't like how I'm livin' well fuck you" -N.W.A. 'Gangsta Gangsta'
It go F.U.C.K. Y.O.U
Do I owe you?
You can get the middle middle
F.U.C.K. Y.O.U
"You don't like how I'm livin' well fuck you"

[Verse Two]:
Look I ain't come here to Stanky Leg or Jerk it out
Talkin' 'bout callin' out fools from north to south
East to west, everybody can get it with lyrics
I am so sickening with it my tongue is AIDS
Razor blade syphilis
The difference is I see that y'all been healthy for a minute bitch
I'm endin' this before you finish sentences
Pencil and my penmanship a 10 and 10
Fuck a middleman, negotiation, y'all gon' still get the middle, man
Finger stand at attention, anybody mention my name
You gon' still feel my reign when I'm blitzin'
Like Donner, trippin' like Dalhmer
No contesting and fuck you very much your honor
I'mma
Pandora's Box of drama
Bring it on if you wanna
This song for radio, comma
Magazine, daddy or your momma
F.U.C.K. aww yeah

[Hook]:
Yeah, you don't like how I walk and talk mayne
You don't like how I dress and do my thing
You don't like how I rep for my crew
"You don't like how I'm livin' well fuck you" -N.W.A. 'Gangsta Gangsta'
It go F.U.C.K. Y.O.U
Do I owe you?
You can get the middle middle
F.U.C.K. Y.O.U
"You don't like how I'm livin' well fuck you"