[Verse 1: Blu]
Yo, check it
Rugged as God one, I advise you not to stand beside her
Native tongue, surprised I didn't sign to Tribe
You trying to block me out my blind side?
Mind's eye, why try, wise guy?
You Got It Made, Special Ed, but nothing's special, bust that special bed, oh yeah
She knew the ledge, she was the extra-special head
I'm counting bread-baskets, weed brownies trying to out-rap you
You put that pencil on that pistol boy, that lead'll catch you
Bad combo, lettuce and ketchup, let us catch you slippin'
Red crippin', my nigga you color purple
Oh yeah you Oprah Winfrey, I'm [?], I squirt the mustard on you
All Davinci, ultra-[?]
I must murk you, Steve Urkel blowing weed circles
You couldn't imagine if I unmasked true virtue
Forever Blu, and you forever blow
Just cause you let us know you next to Blu, I'm still forever Blu
Red carpets, still they let us through
Oh yeah we tailor too, oh yeah, except the shoe and 'gator boots
Chuck tee's on me, crush these phonies
They don't want beef, nah, they lunch meat baloney
We sitting on cheese like pepperoni, except [?]
Uh, one true master of the ceremony

[Hook]
Big giants man, word up
You can't compare to the status right here

[Verse 2: Bishop Lamont]
Naturally I'm a comic, but naturally born psychotic
Highly skilled, constantly built like the mutants in Marvel Comics
Bishop mixed with forge, [?]
American revolution yeah, Comrade George
Every line I rhyme is mine, my signature's never forged
'Cause no matter how rich you get, respects you can't afford
No flux capacitors, so the past I passed, always moving forward
Visionary? Yes, very, but my abilities tend to vary
[?], let's leap with more solutions
Before I jump on your geronimo, [?], I've with the movement
Give praise to the Last Poets, reference point to what I'm doing
Rappers say they've got a movement, nah pal that's just your bowels moving
Don't talk pooping unless you healing the ghetto with some home improvements
Feeding the babies, feeding the schools, and making the change on the daily
Say you love your hood but you not? Then nigga you sound crazy
Giant's step's my stride nigga, always remain ginormous
Can hop, skip and see all sides of the world's four corners
Make a gargantuan goliath like them Nephilims, godly
We titans and [?]
Looming over your city like the Jackson 5, but bigger, no glitter
Pour [?] of pain, rivers of acid rain on you niggas
Can you feel it?
Nothing can save ya'

[Hook]
Big giants man, word up
On the next level
Pay homage, acknowledge the best

[Verse 3: Torae]
Uh, let's get to it, bring 'em the best music
Beautifully blessed bars you can blast in the brown Buick
Asking [?] who with, the truest of all
The mirror said "It's Toraeezy", then it fell off the wall
I never fell off at all, I fell back to record
Until an I.A. logo from Commissioner Gordon
Shine in my city, and really been no shine in my city
Since the nigga [?] left to sign up with Diddy
Straight out the gutter like Britney, had nothing like [?]
So fuck faith like I'm Biggie, let's get richer than 50 or die trying
If y'all shared the truth, then try lying
If they don't ride for you, then try driving
Shots firing, at anyone feeling some type of way
Sincerely yours nigga, Rich Homie Rae
Listen, without hyping in the press, but I write, bring 'em direct
Torae, Skyzoo, Blu, we're titans in the flesh

[Hook]
Big giants man, word up
Living legends spit fire, uh

[Verse 4: Skyzoo]
Supply you the holy [?], like I'm stretching the talk
And provided the only difference is the steps on the ball
I rap like if you was tying up and catching your arm
My timing is Rolie-driven, not a second'll pause
Wait for it, you listen to me with your browser going
Where Google is cliffnotes, and you read with you mouth open like
"Oh, I get I now, throwing a triple round is like three meanings, and three reasons to king him now"
They say the crown is weighty, but worth it if it should take me
Where I know that I been at, but perhaps they gotta rate me
And when putting the rankings together they know the daily is
Me, and four others, single-handedly place me, but still
From the side of the street where iron speaks
And pussy still falls out the sky like I'm a sheik
The makings of a king and a [?] forevermore
The titans on the run for this money like Eddie George
One time

[Hook]
Big giants man, word up
Legendary worldwide
Big giants man, word up
Making big moves
Never fake your moves

[Outro]
Big big giants
Big big big big gia-giants
Gia-gia-giant
Gia-gia-giant
Gia-gia-giant
Gia-giants
Gia-giant
Gia-giant
Gia-gia-gia-giants
Gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-giants
Gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-gia-giants