[Intro: Sample from the US Navy and D.V. Alias Khrist]
Sample from the US Navy: General quarters, general quarters.  All hands man your battle stations.  All hands man your battle stations.  This is a drill.  This is a drill
D.V. Alias Khrist: Peace to the Gods and the Earths of the dirty music.  Hahahaha.  Yeah, yeah.  Teamsters (A takeover.  Ruckus).  The attack is on (For sure)!  Haha.  Prepare for war (Inhale).  Hahaha.  No prisoners.  Hahaha (Hahahaha).  Hah!  Hah!  Hah!  Hah!

[Verse 1: D.V. Alias Khrist]
The attack is on.  Better lace up your boots
Rolling with them underground troops stacking loot
Armageddon soon comes, so watch for the tanks
Third eye is powerful, memory in my digital data bank
I’ll see everything that the eyes can’t see
The spiritual is now prophesized as D.V. Alias Khrist
“Come along, come along” is how I feel when I get nice
Breaking this down like construction sites
Assembling skills like power to a mic
Dirty music won’t be here in your afterlife

[Hook: D.V. Alias Khrist]
The attack is on.  Better lace up your boots
Rolling with them underground troops stacking loot
The attack is on.  Better lace up your boots
“There’s a war going on outside no man is safe from” - Sample from Prodigy on Mobb Deep’s “Survival of the Fittest”

[Verse 2: D.V. Alias Khrist]
Get yourself ready for the apocalypse.  The time clock ticks
When made, bricks start bending on how we flip this
Hand on your back making you speak like a ventriloquist
Only if they have to.  Only if them slave masters
Unloosen your chains.  Thorn bush on the brain
Navigational pain.  No sunshine—just flames
The clouds forms, the rainfall is blood mixed with the flames
I’d thought I’d see my underground dame.  Whether y’all groove again
Dark-skinned Nubian, complexion like an Indian
This soldier’s European.  I met an Asian
So many African, first race of the humans
Sold by Egyptians.  It was written in the wall
In hieroglyphics.  My pen dents the paper
From writing these true scriptures, suspend moments like a picture
Gratitude is only for the ones who give.  Promise to the old literature
Man, if you ain’t speaking the wise words of the black man
Then I’ma get rid of ya.  Play your part as a citizen
Really really grill a con of modern-day Babylon
The 5th Element shows step with elegance
I got a cure for being so sick that AIDS patients need a serum
Here it comes: the Ruckus invasion burning your crew like Cajun