The Bad Seed - “Uhhnnh”
[Produced by Nottz]

[Intro: The Bad Seed]
Uhhnnh.  Let's go.  Taste this.  Here we go.  Uhhnnh.  Here we go, y'all.  Here we go, y'all.  Here we go, y’all.  Once again.  Yeah, who better, nigga?  Let's go

[Verse 1: The Bad Seed]
Nope, I never got locked up, never got shot up
But fuck around, though, beat your whole damn block up
Find your bitch knocked up.  Seed keep the cock up
I’m sick—call a doctor.  Beat the shit out ya
Beef?  I don't sweat that.  Niggas want to dead that
They come home, find a bullet in their girl head wrap
Uhhnnh, how you love that?  What happened to them thug cats?
And all the gats they was getting in the club at?
Now y'all done fucked up.  I done caught y'all fronting
Get your jaw tapped up with your chin bone buzzing
You can't squash it.  Now you’re all alone, cousin
Your kids got no pops, wife no husband
Goddamn shame, though it's how the game go
Why y'all acting like y’all don't know my fucking name fo'?
(It’s Bad Seed!) Style off the chain, yo
Only close my eyes when I'm getting brains, yo

[Hook: The Bad Seed]
(It's like) Uhhnnh!  Thought it was a game, huh?
Didn't know the name, huh?  Uhhnnh! (It’s like, it’s like)
Uhhnnh!  Still “For the Kids,” dawg
Niggas let your clips off.  Uhhnnh! (It's like)
Uhhnnh!  Bitches, take your thong off
Shake your stink ass, baby girl, get your song off (It’s like, it’s like)
Uhhnnh!  Meet me at the raw, dawg
Blow shorty’s back out 'til she gotta crawl out

[Verse 2: The Bad Seed]
And I'm tired of you rap cats.  Where you get the tracks at?
Scratch that.  Put your dough up, dawg, and match that
Brooklyn!  Where the killers and the crooks live
Brooklyn!  The pot where the beef cooking
Catch you while you ain't looking, right hooks in
Look, kid.  Get your self-esteem took, kid
Shorty ass fat.  Nigga, gotta bag that
Write hits, sit back, collect ASCAP
Roll a L, pass that.  Steal a whip, smash that
Bad Seed hot like mama flapjacks
Stay in the cut.  Made, nigga, stay with a slut
And I'm a very cheap nigga—I don't pay for the butt
I stash cash, ma.  Shorty like, “You saving for what?”
“Baby girl, woah.  You must got me mistaken for pup”
Spend a lot of dough only on me.  Not a Prada
For you, boo.  But you could catch a Rollie on me

[Hook: The Bad Seed]
(It's like) Uhhnnh!  Thought it was a game, huh?
Didn't know the name, huh?  Uhhnnh! (It’s like, it’s like)
Uhhnnh!  Still “For the Kids,” dawg
Niggas let your clips off.  Uhhnnh! (It's like, it’s like)
Uhhnnh!  Bitches, take your thong off
Shake your stink ass, baby girl, get your song off (It’s like, it’s like)
Uhhnnh!  Meet me at the raw, dawg
Blow shorty’s back out 'til she gotta crawl out (It’s like, it’s like)
Uhhnnh!

[Outro: The Bad Seed]
Let’s go.  Let’s go.  Come on.  Uhhnnh.  2000.  Pull your boots up, uhhnnh.  Yeah.  It’s like, “Uhhnnh!”