[Verse One: Edo G.]
Ayo I kick the type of shit that bitches want to freak to
Niggas partying and getting geeked to
Fuck them niggas I don't speak to
You on some sucker shit
Don't worry 'bout who I'm down with or what label I'm fucking with
I'm on some other shit
Plus I had enough of roughing it
You haters see me on the bus and smile cause you loving it
You'd rather see me in the trash like Oscar
Cause you don't wanna see the Edo G prosper
A lot of crabs trying to be lobsters
A lot of scary ass niggas trying to be mobsters
I'm too deep up in this music
Don't ever plan to pull out son if you ain't gon' use it
It only becomes a habit if you constantly abuse it
I refuse to lose it
Bruise bitches, backwoods and music
Edo G gon' prove it
Cause this is how the Berry do it
In this rap industry
M.I.A. gon' run what

[Hook: Edo G]
Now what you know about that?
What you know about that?
What you know about that?
What you know about that?
Yo what you know about that huh?
What you know about that?

[Verse Two: Nottz]
Prepare for this invasion
This dark ass, frail ass cat
Weighing in at a buck fifty two with fo' five to split you (bllaow!)
Arma-geddon, meteors to hit you
Hit you with that shit that cats in Tokoyo can feel too
All you up and coming stars
Yo I'ma drill through
Plant my nuke and blow you
Hot shit to scorch you
And your squad I run through like kangaroo that [?] hold up
It's stuck, raise the roof like Luke do
My [?] will sting you like peroxide on fresh wounds
The crooks about to blow this shit so nigga stay tuned
Teacher coming through so, motherfucker make room
Nottz be that shit to be haunting your bathroom
Edo G make the cat bloom and slap the groom
I rape the bride impregnate her so the shit won't die
DMP
Dirtee staff, 8th wonder dunn
Head crack your wack shit and cop this fat shit for your son

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Edo G]
Ayo I'm too ill
Leaving faggot niggas scared like [?] Hicks to Dru Hill
From Walnut to Blue Hill I'm true till
My crew win
That line you walk is very thin
I reps the Berry till the very end
I'm up and hurrying
You start? I'ma catch that ass like Terry Glenn
You on the outside looking in
I takes it back to the old days
You getting hit up on the streets cause you ain't looking both ways
Today's, so called rappers on stage is boring
But I stand up on my own like my dick up in the morning
Sick with the foaming but act stable
With the Nestle on the tables
Now every drug dealer wanna start a rap label
And run the same shit like cable
While I'm in like my naval
Ready willing and able to come and save you
This ain't no Edo G debut
I'll slay you
And take all your label pay you

[Hook]