The Bad Seed - “Would You Luh Me?”
[Produced by Nottz]

[Intro: The Bad Seed]
Uh.  Copy that.  Word?  Is that so?  How ‘bout that?  Let me ask you a question though: you love me if I was broke?  I-I-I don’t believe this.  (Word).  We love the rap life, ma.  Gutter rap life.  (Better know it).  We love to blaze lingerie.  (Let’s go)

[Hook: The Bad Seed] (x2)
Would you love me when I'm broke? (I hope you love me when I'm broke)
Would you love when I'm rich? (I hope you’ll always be my bitch)
Mami, tell me: if the cash get low, do the ass get low?
Tell me, would you know?  Hell no

[Verse 1: The Bad Seed]
I can tell your ass lying.  I can see your lips move
You probably do the same shit every other bitch do
Think, "Bad Seed live how them other tricks do"
Remember: you ain't picked Seed.  Seed picked you
Would you call me off-the-hook if I wasn't writing hooks?
And I spent all day running wild with the crooks?
Would you tell me that you love me if I was butt-ugly?
No dough, peasy hair, kicks all grungy
Would you be my bitch if I didn't have no chips?
That's a damn lie.  I’ve done seen you hopping out of whips
S-Classes, Ranges, TVs in the dashes
Six Coupes, Prada boots.  Why you lie to duke?
But you can't get the dough, mami.  Keep your knees up
Everything got you men in love—sign a prenup
All these hoes down, Seed up.  You know how it be, but
Take your bra off, let me see them C cups

[Hook: The Bad Seed] (x2)
Would you love me when I'm broke? (I hope you love me when I'm broke)
Would you love when I'm rich? (I hope you’ll always be my bitch)
Mami, tell me: if the cash get low, do the ass get low?
Tell me, would you know?  Hell no

[Verse 2: The Bad Seed]
If you the same chick, drink Cris' cold-wrist
You’ve got to be the same chick, know what broke is
No Benz drop-tops.  Just tokens
Outspoken, keep the pussy open.  Now
Mami, when I'm low, this is all of my dough
And that goes for every damn broad I know (Oh!)
Got you at my show and you peeped the earlobe (Oh!)
Seen the way it's spinning.  Now you want to feel those (Oh!)
Tell me if I ain't look like dough, ho
Would you even be here?  Nah, I ain't think so
You could drink more.  Just get it yourself
And when you need dick, I'm here—you can't hit it yourself
Think it's funny, ma?  You're kidding yourself.  Matter fact
Let's go.  Bring your ass, get rid of yourself

[Hook: The Bad Seed] (x2)
Would you love me when I'm broke? (I hope you love me when I'm broke)
Would you love when I'm rich? (I hope you’ll always be my bitch)
Mami, tell me: if the cash get low, do the ass get low?
Tell me, would you know?  Hell no

[Outro: The Bad Seed]
They’re crazy.  They’re crazy.  Word up.  Cut that shit off