Big L: Yea yeah, Flamboyant Entertainment
PR: Big L


[Verse 1: Big L]

Yo, y'all fellas like to stress them chicks
Impress them chicks, spend money to dress them chicks
I sex them chicks and send them home
Corleone is known to be stoned
When I bone, I'm rubbered up in case that shit full blown
The other night around 8 P.M
Pockets crazy slim, jumped out the gray BM
Went to the ATM, took a thou' out
Then later on I had to wild out
In the club, knock some coward and his pal out
Then afterwards went to the restroom, pissed Cristal out
Now I'm thinkin - which chick number I could dial out
Cause it's L, the Harlem pimp baby, for real
I got more dimes than that Sprint lady
And that's ill, playa haters be givin me harsh looks
But I'm tryin to sell records like Garth Brooks
So eff 'em all, when it's cold I throw the skelly on
Illegal chips keep my celly on
Mega-ice is what I'm heavy on
If it ain't Cristal boo, I guess it's Perignon
If the na-na's too tight, I throw some jelly on
Yo try to tax and watch the nine mill burst
I've been off the scene over three years
And cats is still thirst - to hear Big L drop an ill verse
So all you unsigned cats that want to battle;
Get a deal first - I sport the bulletproof, fitted hat
That attitude - you better get rid of that
Wherever you floss is where you gon' get it at
What? I stay strapped, I go to sleep with my steel
Makin figures while you broke cats keepin it real
L is rap's most livest cat
I'm gettin stacks while you askin people
"Do you want fries with that?"
I rob fags in the staircase, no mask, bare-faced
The one police wouldn't dare chase
Keep my gear laced - do I walk around without papes? No way pal
Word up - my money longer than the OJ trial


[Hook: Miss Jones]

Harlem world keep holdin it downnnnn
Big L, Be The Long overdue (Big L)
Do you still got it got it? ("It's so amazin'!")
Yeah yeah yeah.. Harlem world keep holdin it down, for Big L
Nigga long overdue - niggas wanna know
Do you still got it got it? ("It's so amazin'!")


[Verse 2: Party Arty]

Them lil' niggas that be rapping on my block'll diss you
If you not official, when i cock the pistol
Lick a shot and hit you, spit the ox and rip you, plot to get you
Nigga fuck boxing with you
Brothers can't believe how the skills have gotten
And I'm still mad plottin', the big apples mad rotten
The rap cocking, I'm that hot and my gat popping
I rap with the black stocking cap, over my face
Taking over the place, put the toast in your face
Open the safe, gimme the money the sculpture and the vase
I run with niggas that'll throw a [?] of coke in your face
Niggas'll sign anything when that dough in your face
I put two in your asshole, tryna ruin my rap flow
I spit like I'm chewing tobacco, we stack dough
And pack fo' in the Range Rover
Party Arty the flamethrower, game over


[Hook: Miss Jones]


[A.G.]

Yo, yo move the fuck, A bring the heat, when I touch tracks
These niggas beef then wanna chill? Fuck that
These rap niggas with the mills, we deduct that
I asked all my ghetto cats, where my love at
Now where the brews, and the drugs at?
Corrupt cats kept slug hats
Asked the feds where the bugs at
Puff with the dread, cause I puff black
High, til I die, and you can trust that
All I wanna know - is the club packed?
I see the haters sweatin shorty, but I dug that
She put my nutsac, back where her lungs at - little ho
And them niggas who owe, give up that
Huh, it's me and Corle', like Eddie and Nolte
Go 'head and provoke me
Heard you rap, wanna rhyme? Better be dope B
Still "Diggin", still livin, still givin
Y'all the ill written, still fuckin like Bill Clinton

[Hook: Miss Jones](x2)


[A.G.] Big L


[Production by Pete Rock]