[Intro: Ron G - echoing at each break]
Yes, indeed, it's the mix king, Ron G
I got somethin' the world ain't ready for
New York City, L.A., Chicago, Atlanta
D.C., Detroit, New Orleans
Y'all know the deal, Flava!!!

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Hahahahahaha! Yeah, nigga!
Yeah, that's right! Bay-bayy!
That's how we do it!

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
Follow me, tell me if you feel me
I think niggas is tryin' to kill me
Picturin' pistols, spittin' hollow points 'til they drill me
Keepin' it real, and even if I do conceal
My criminal thoughts, preoccupied with keepin' steel
See, niggas is false, sittin' in court, turned snitches
That used to be real, but now they petrified bitches
I'm tryin' to be strong, they sendin' armies out to bomb me
Listen to Ron, the only DJ that can calm me
Constantly armed, my firepower keep me warm
I'm trapped in the storm and fuck the world 'til I'm gone
Bitches be warned: word is bond, you'll get torn
I'm bustin' on Giuliani, he rubbin' my niggas wrong
And then it's on, before I leave, picture me
I'm spittin' at punk bitches and hustlin' to be free
Watch me set it, niggas don't want it, you can get it
Bet it make these jealous niggas mad I said it
This thug life nigga, we don't cater to you hoes
Fuck with me and have
A hundred motherfuckers at yo' do' with fo'-fo's!
Hahahahaha, yeah, nigga! Thug Life!

[Verse 2: Big L]
I be that young, pretty, fly, smooth, glorious kid
A Bad Boy, just like The Notorious B.I.G
I'll rock a fella, like Shawn Carter
With more game than Ron Harper
The bomb sparker rapper slash armed robber
While y'all be on the corners bummy and high
I be out buyin' the finest shit money can buy
You wish you was in a position that I'm in
Hot rhymin', diamonds shinin', autograph signin'
My lifestyle is far out
Every week bring a different car out
I go to nightclubs and buy the bar out, huh
‘Cause I keep cream, I'm large on the street scene
Every time I touch mics you hear all the freaks scream

[Outro: Big L + 2Pac]
Yeah, yeah, Big L, Harlem's finest, yeah
That nigga who hold it down for Uptown
Hahahaha! That's how we do it out here
On this underground real shit, nigga, it's the heat, nigga
Now, rewind this motherfucker
You know you can't help it
Deadly combination, bwoy!