[Verse 1]

Start to read beggining performing this sorcery
It gets harder to breath as I'm discarding your artery
I'm in charge of them killings murdering verses ultimately
When I sharpen the pencil it causes to result into beefin'

Hex mentality can't be healed, it's full of torturing
Still infected after injecting the blood of the wolverine
Vocalubar revolver faster than formula prix
Battlin regular rappers a fucking insult to me

I got more clout than you, even if you count and include
The amount of the gun powder in your lung found when I shoot
I should adapt to the trap shit and mumble out of the tune
Be proud to be new, drown you in the fountain of youth

When I freestyle in the booth loud for an hour to two
My mouth is abusive enough to be surrounded with nukes
Or a thousand of troopers, I hear the sound of bazookas
Every clowns who refuse to listen are dead found in the sewer


[Hook]

I design tracks, I define chapters
I'ma get a 9 and blast your spinal axis into tiny fragments

Hot.. hot.. hot bars
I spit hot bars, hot.. hot.. hot.. bars

[Verse 2]

I'm the most villainous man to ever live in this land
To bomb a thug into pieces with heat still in his hands
Stole his fucking kicks with his feet stiffen and standing
Put 'em in a box sent it back to his crib as a package

My brain has been baked for days I've been fixin the damage
You're sick of my rap? Eat a fucking dick in a sandwich
I'll whip your fucking ass so bad till the skin is detached
Stick it back to the flesh with the melted wax of a candle

I ain't afraid of gun, it's just I ain't the one who's sane enough
For triggers to resist this index to not ever pull it
I'll be tempted to do it and trace the uglyness on your face
Before I waste you I'll play connect the dots with the bullets

The last man who tested, I left his intestine its stinkin'
Now you can totally see what he was injestin' and drinkin'
I'ma slow down cause your brain cell is faster to shrink
You motherfuckers are scared to death, your testicals sinkin'


[Hook]

I design tracks, I define chapters
I'ma get a 9 and blast your spinal axis into tiny fragments

Hot.. hot.. hot bars
I spit hot bars, hot.. hot.. hot.. bars


[Verse 3]

Im'a kill the illest rapper who'd stop me to stand out
Put a blood shed up on the top of the rap mountain
Greatest of all what? Time you should back down
I'm robbin the rap G.O.A.T now I got me the rap crown

Go pick a loaded gun if you think you can start against me
Blast you over the amount of a thousand of force within me
Grab your deuce after shootin' Im draggin' you by your balls to kick
Bullets are passin' though. I'm majin boo while im absorbin' it

I start to diss, you'll get a critical heart condition
So call physicians and medic to get you cured in the clinic
Don't even wish for your mama to be visit she gone and missing
Busy cause she on this dick with your father's permission

I admit it, sometimes I choke up on the mic with a slip
Unlike you hoes only chockin' up on sizable dicks
The rise of a sick mind initializin the shit
You'll get stabbed seventy times you can't survive in this bitch

[Hook]

I design tracks, I define chapters
I'ma get a 9 and blast your spinal axis into tiny fragments

Hot.. hot.. hot bars
I spit hot bars, hot.. hot.. hot.. bars