[Intro: Big L]
Say "M.V.P."
Say "M.V.P."
Say "M.V.P."
Say "M.V.P."
Say "Make money money, make money money money"
Say "Take money money, take money money money"
Check it

[Verse 1: Big L]
Ayo spark up the Phillies and pass the stout
Make it quick money grip or yo’ ass is out
In a street brawl, I strike men, quicker than lightnin’
You seen what happened in my last fight friend? Aight then
L's a clever threat, lyricist who never sweat
Comparing yourself to me is like a Benz to a Chevro-let
Clown rappers I'm bound to slay
Sayin’ hi to all the cuties from around the way
Yeah, ‘cause I got all of them strung jack
My girls are like boomerangs
No matter how far I throw ‘em, they come back
I'm comin’ straight out the N.Y.C.,
I'm down with D.I.T.C. and I'm M.V.P

[Hook: Big L]
If rap was a game I'll be M.V.P.,
The most valuable poet on the M.I.C
Ayo if rap was a game I'll be M.V.P.,
The most valuable poet on the M.I.C

[Verse 2: Big L]
Yo check it, it's a must that I get papes
Peace to all the DJs who gave me love on they mixtapes
Once again the man's back with a dance track
Here's your chance jack to get loose and let your hands clap
I got juice like BoKu, mad crews I broke through
Niggas be mad ‘cause I hit more chicks than they spoke to
And every time I’m jammed I always find a loophole
I got a crime record longer than Manute Bol
My raps are unbelievable like aliens in flying saucers
No more iron horses ‘cause I'm buying Porsches
Comin’ straight out the N.Y.C.,
Peace to the Kid Capri, I'm M.V.P

[Hook: Big L]
If rap was a game I'll be M.V.P.,
The most valuable poet on the M.I.C
I said if rap was a game I'll be M.V.P.,
The most valuable poet on the M.I.C

[Adlib: Big L]
Now now:
Throw ya hands up
Uh throw ya hands up
C'mon yeah, throw ya hands up...
Check it out
Ayo, I'm a switch the third verse, check it out...

[Verse 3: Big L]
I be that key niggy
You see jiggy
Push a V-Twiggy
Large like Free Willy;
Me broke? Don't be silly
Youse a low life: no hoes, no ice
Don't be, mad at me, cause I chose yo' wife
With this rap shit I'm so nice
Don't co-operate wit' po-lice
On my spare time, I like to roll dice
Not for petty change, I play for Gs and better
You won't be rich as me, if your whole crew put y'all cheese together
Cash I got plenty. Microphones? Rock many
Everything I touch is in the top twenty
Dumb hits, I'm the one that chicks be hawkin' a lot
I stay drivin', you never see me walkin' a lot....

[Outro: Big L]
It's like that
D.I.TC. baby. Uh-huh!
Y'all know my man Kid Capri?
He did-he did a single with me, it's called Put It On baby, and that's what I came to do...
C'mon! C'mon, everybody! C'mon...