[Verse 1: Chukwudi Hodge]
Yeah okay
Yeah this that go to work music
Take your booty put some fuckin' earth to it
It's been a minute since you felt it but right now your heart is feelin' like you got some church through it
(?) how I make her holler
Put me in her hand she takes direction call me Palm Pilot
Actin' like a mark will get you smacked up left side of your face Burning like that shit just caught a palm right
But I'm just here to get it
And when I got it if you on my team then we could split it
Family flyin' out to Fiji I would (?)
Just so we could say we wanted to and went ahead and did it
My whole team is great and you just good
My whole squad is movin' and you just should
West Oakland is a hood call it reverse Pinocchio just cause we wishin' (?)
But I swear it's not that serious
The sun is out, her buns are out
My chums have clout and we on, bruh
But never get it twisted

[Verse 2: Chukwudi Hodge]
B...b...b...b...but I'm not a rapper
Just like you're not a trapper
But it's okay real niggas come in many forms the (?) dismiss the reactors
I'mma do a (?)
Gotta be inclusive but a game did not sag money
God bless your heart you knew that you were a factor
But you're full of bullshit that's why your diaper it sags funny
Goddam it
Michael Scott to the bars man I'm not gonna fuckin' manage
But we make it pretty while we doin' hella damage
Stockpile the paper like I'm Daryl, call me Black Scranton
(Hahaha) That's a office joke
Need to be on stage cause I'm not just another office bloke
Can't afford the (?)
But you can bet my girl say I'm sorry baby
I just had to let 'em know I think that I'm the motherfuckin' (?)
But it's all love
The point I'm tryin' to make is that life is good
I'm happy, I woke up this morning
But at the same time we will holler at your mom
Don't get it twisted

[Verse 3: Wax]
O my god he is such
A bastard he just
Did a masterpiece of
What a master peak type of reaction
Is it the drugs?
Or perhaps he is touched
And held captive by the holy spirit
Of Kobe with the lyrics
Uh, whether pulpit of free throw line I might shoot
Jumpin' up and down in a yellow bright suit
Cultivate a beat(beet) like Dwight Schrute
Eat a rapper like a ripe fruit
Your point's quite moot
What the fuck are you sayin'?
The stereo is terrible, the fuck are you playin'?
Yourself?
My feet dangle off the top shelf
Kick a drink out of your hand
You just toasted to health
The rudest, most gratuitous
Tourist caught doin' it with a stewardess
In the closet
The flight delay, I may have caused it
In Boston (?) stuck in the mosh pit, ay!