Give It To You

[Intro]
Yo B, Wax and Herbal T, man you guys are old as fuck. I used to listen to you on my fucking walkman b. Dog, dog I used bump Grizzly Season back in middle school dog. I used to listen to you on my fucking myspace page, top 8 b. Dog, you guys are old as fuck, top 8 you're a 7 to me b, number 7 b

Wax: Yo Herbs, take 'em back

[Verse 1 - Herbal T]
Never gave a fuck, still not caring
Never televised like Gil Scott-Heron
Jill Scott blaring out the box back in '02
Touring in the van with the whole crew
Used to rock the Grape Street Pub in Manayunk
Some didn't get it cause they didn't understand the funk
Broke down in Omaha, please can somebody give my man a jump
Sill sick like the measles and the mumps, still keep it
Smooth like laminate, dirty like a contaminate
Slamming it, double hard like a drummer throwing a flam in it
Damn if it isn't Wax and Herbal T in this bitch
Overstaying our welcome, we never leaving this bitch
We're here to stay your dismay, attacking the track
In a Chuck Norris way, fuck what the purists say
Herbal T, I know the time like Morris Day
Rap till I got nothing more to say
Let the chorus play

[Hook]
You want it, you need it
You got it please believe it
We gon' get give it to you everyday
You want it, receive
What real though achieve
We gon' give it to you everyway

[Verse 2 - Wax]
I've been running from the jump with no sign of fatigue
The first time I heard something funky I was intrigued
I ain't stop to breathe since a child at 3
That's why you primadonna rhymers are way out of your league, I put in
My 10,000 hours for free, that's why the doubters get beaten and then devoured and eaten
While I wave a middle finger at the powers that be
As I segway by when I'm down at the beach
You can't fuck with me when I'm in my zone
I'm in love with this microphone
You cannot keep up with me these Joneses
We saturated in dopeness
Me and Herbal T for many years have been on tour
No hotel, though slept on rental van floors
Only one thing that we stand for: loving the funk
You stepping to me and my brother give up

[Hook]
You want it, you need it
You got it please believe it
We gon' get give it to you everyday
You want it, receive
What real though achieve
We gon' give it to you every way

1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7!

[Hook]
You want it, you need it
You got it please believe it
We gonna get give it to you everyday
You want it, receive
What real though achieve
We Gon' give it to you everyway

[Outro]
Ah yeah! Citizens of Earth, you are now about the witness the rebirth of the holy spirit of Funkenstein. Have you every made love to a Czechoslovakian mermaid in the middle of a pumpkin patch? If not, then you have absolutely no reference point to even attempt to imagine how we feel right now. Wax and Herbal T are god on my planet. When we pray, we pray in their names, and Wax and Herbal T damn it, we pray a muthafucking lot, so run for cover and hide your bitch