[Intro:Duke(From Rocky Balboa the Movie)
Duke: You know all there is to know about fighting, so there's no sense us going down that same old road again. To beat this guy, you need speed - you don't have it. And your knees can't take the pounding, so hard running is out. And you got arthritis in your neck, and you've got calcium deposits on most of your joints, so sparring is out
Duke: So, what we'll be calling on is good ol' fashion blunt force trauma. Horsepower. Heavy-duty, cast-iron, piledriving punches that will have to hurt so much they'll rattle his ancestors. Every time you hit him with a shot, it's gotta feel like he tried kissing the express train. Yeah! Let's start building some hurtin' bombs!

[Verse 1:Random]
I [?] rap books
When you try to plagiarize
Say good night son I'm toting a chrome braided mic
My [?] is anti anorexic
Yes it's that fresh and that should be expected
The message ain't changed just the delivery
Vehicle me and you coexisting in rap ain't feasible
Your whole sounds whack and so I found that
I battle you cats in a loser leave town match
Come on stage masked up like a luchador
Do it for the underground that's where I'm found at
Make you body rock from the ambiance
Rhymes take your breath away just like a Pacquiáo body shot
Rippin jams Ran like a cryptogram
Always in the paper and impossible to solve
Bodying the odds without a squad
Megaran single handedly changed my hobby to a job
Find me in the bars or the cars spitting hard
Inspiration's free anything else I got to charge
Ya'll cats saying the same thing
When I travel I sit on the plane's wings
I'm that fly
Magpie
Heckling Jekyll I never respect you
You better get special my level is special
Like you can't beat those with [?]
You got weak blows easily I'ma eat those
The Ethos remains raw give them what they came for
Head trauma leaving the brain sore
I'm the main [?] going through you rapper and producers
Stop battling I was tired of sore losers
Now I got rappers wanna fight me in the lot
All because my mic is very hot
Verbal rifle let off a shot
Like I'm skeet shooting better keep moving
And then do some serious recruiting

[Chorus:Random]
Get em up no pain no gain
Lift em up no fame no games
Get em up no pain no gain
Lift em up no shame no lames
X2

[Verse 2:Wax]
You got to get in shape Random
I think you need a trainer
Drink these raw eggs from this tupper ware container
I think it's a no brainer
You should have me in your corner
In this up and coming match against this weak ass performer
He's gonna hit you from the side with a hook
Tuned up perfectly plays exactly by the book
Don't get shook his style is predictable
While you were born to box with unorthodox principles
We raise bars high like bench pressing in space
So bring some french dressing in case
These cats try to bring beef and we turn it into salad fast
Mixing MC's with shots of alfalfa grass
Get back on that exercise bike
And don't stop rapping or peddling until sweat fries the mic
We don't ever stay idle it's a harsh Regimen to get the heavy weight title

[Chorus]