[Verse]
I'm a cracker ass cracker that'll smack a wack rapper
'Till his hat is ass-backwards, and his face is fucked
A cheesy ass white who's decent at rap fights
As recent as last night, I disgraced an' ducked
A crazy type cat so don't play me like that
'Cuz maybe I might snap, on some psycho shit
Yes! Pyscho indeed, with a light growing weed
Hydroponic micro machines, on some Tyco shit
I'm a balling ass fool that'll call your ass foolin'
Like, Paula Abdul, tell you straight up I'm hot
I'm just a—vocal batt-ler, who could be at the local tavern
Or globally traveling I can't stay in one spot
We them rappers who stay ripping shit
Who happen to play instruments as well
What the hell, we do various tasks
I'm such a—gritty spitter, treating rappers like kitty litter
I use you as a shitter, then I bury ya ass
I'm that Rolling Stone popper that holds the chrome proper
Roaming known dro coppa, international seeds
I'm that importer, exporter, send quarters, get quarters, tradesmen
Blazing on sax an' them tweeds!
I be that unknown nobody, so gully, flow nutty, no money
I just fucking rap cuz the shit's fun!
The deadly whi-pper snapper
Steadily-ripping-up-rappers
Better-be-getting-them-clappers
'Cuz the only way to beat me is, with guns
I'm gifted, I'm lifted, I spit shit that's wicked and vivid
Ridiculous spittin' I could do it for hours, yo --
The stamina's bananas, you bamas can't handle this
Scandalous grammar, yo, watch your crew get devoured, wow!
And I don't give a fuck if it's meaningless;
Saying dumb shit to the beat, beotch I fiend for this
I sense squeamishness
On behalf of ya little baby girl team
BIG WAX, the world screamed
IN SHOCK! When my hits came out
Cuz they ain't seen a cracker this flavorful since Rittz came out!
And they hating cuz my clique's getting its name out
While they try an' figure out how to get the shit stain out
They reputation, I stand by ready and patient
Pounce out and horrify you like I'm Freddy-and-Jason, in fact!
It's so lethal when I spit at these people
That they just cast me as the lead in the next Saw sequel
Tall people feel short—when I spit for sport;
On ya face like different sorts of zits and warts
I'm sipping quarts of Jager, with all sorts of flavor
East coast cat, now run Cali like Schwarzenegger, yea!
I Slam Dunk on you crazy chumps;
Fuck ya chick after she made me lunch
Skeet skeet on them lady lumps
So many, of my kids on her fucking face shit reminds of the Brady Bunch, wow!
I'm guess I'm always buck wiling;
Big Wax, motherfucker, loud never silent
Clever rhyming, better-than-ever timing
I'm specialist, make this rap shit seem effortless
I'm sick and tired of these whiny-ass bamas
Little tykes go home to ya mamas
Ya late for ya curfew, I may have to have to hurt you
WAX, I spit sick, like them Asians with bird flu!
Put ya mask on, Wax is on
These wack songs they get back to norm
We strapped bombs on our chest --
And run into the station on a hijack
Turn the music industry to motherfucking I-raq!
Blowing up, Jihad-ing the game, rap's Saddam Hussein
Oh my fucking god I'm insane, I just
Spit fury till my vision turn blurry
So sit back, relax, while I make his-tory, yo!
World life, I'm absurdly trife, I burn mics
Head turns like Jersey 'pike, it's Big Wax
With that hot shit that ya lust for
Send a demolition crew over to Mount Rushmore
And have 'em blow it up, and replace it
With a big-ass statue of my face kid!
'Cuz I'm a landmark, you a damn mark
Say my name three times and end up, with the sand sharks!
Mister Lover making all the fly bitches stutter
Cuz Wax ain't afraid to go Down like System-of-A
Tell ya sister/mother dunny I'm about this
Wax, I put my motherfucking money where my mouth is!
That's why I'm so hungry, 'cuz I got no money
But I won't stop 'till I'm on top like Tony Dungy!
But 'till then? I re-main a lab rat
It's that's more-talented-than-you dude you mad at
And every crap cat, wanna take a stab at
Me and Herbal's formulas, but I'm warning ya:
Leave the practice alone, you can't achieve this
Skills like these was developed in the fetus!
It's in the genetical data contained, it's in the cells, in the blood
Circulating in our veins, which allows us to create and recreate in our brains
And you just can't fucking do it! So ya'll haters ashamed, I'm saying!
It sounds strange people thinking I seem high
Crazy people are off it, labeled as
It sounds strange, people like Wax, you seem high
Me and Herbal T be the musical genii -- why?
'Cuz our style is different from yours
And you ain't really never heard this type of spittin' before
We keep spittin' till you shittin' ya drawers
Keep spittin' some more, till there's nothing but piss and shit on the floor
They're like: Caution! Wet FLOOR, I bet YOU'RE
Ready to EX-PLORE, a new career path, get YOUR
Resumes together get the never-say-never
Rapping's OK, whatever, but you'll like telemarketing way better!
The uniqueness, leaves you speechless, we do freak dance
Like B-More bitches up at the Preakness!
Cuz me and Herbs we got that crazy ish
And if you want some more of this, you gon' pay me BIIIITCH!
You want some more, you can pay me bitch
Big Wax, Herbal T, got that crazy ish...