[Verse 1: Aston Matthews]
Lord make a way I ain't perfect (Lord)
Provide the light while I'm searching
Lord take away my mom's burdens, before I think about murking
And is the work that I'm putting in worth it?
Lord knows that I'm putting that work in
40cal lurking in the same burban I'm swerving to work in, what is my purpose?
Do I have one?
Cause I feel no feelings til I'm filling in this magnum
And I fuck her til her back numb
Man I said i'd stop cheating on the last one
Am I a man of my word? Cause that's all I got and my balls, and I let those fall into her
My girl heart is gon' hurt and my heart is with her
She could do better but she don't, cause she don't wanna run her risk of ending up alone
Why do I take advantage of all of that?
Cause she home and not calling back
Maybe my Paranoia started all of that
Or is somebody else the reason for all of that? all of that
Why everybody reaching for a handout, Like hard work doesn't stand out
Man I came up on my own two, I made me the man that I am now
Why my nigga Looney seeing time like that?
Why my nigga Ralph gotta die like that?
Left behind two kids, cause of a night like that? Why a life like that?

[Verse 2: Aston Matthews]
Why they all talk like they really want a problem? They don't want War cause we all get involved in
Red, Blue, Brown Bet they all get involved in, If its my name that they calling
Why they all talk like they really want a problem?
Red, Blue, Brown Bet they all get involved in
If its my name that they calling, I hope they ready cause we all in
Im free falling in this 24
Thinking I done seen the world before I'm 24 (Brick)
I bend blocks just to get the dough
I got shot and I let him go (Flair)
Got me staring in this white light
Got knocked and got back in the same night
Gotta get back in the same night
This life I'm living no it ain't right

[Bridge]
Im just tryna make a way for me,(Lord) I'm just tryna make it through the day homie
If I'm slipping and they waiting on me,Thats why I change clips like a change [?]
Granny always said her prayers for me, so I know she really cares for me
If I don't make it through the night (whats the word)
Just light it up and put one in the air for me
Just put one in the air for me(Brick)
Just light it up and put one in the air for me(Flair)
Just put one in the air for me(Brick)
Just light it up and put one in the air for me(flair)
Just put one in the air for me(Brick)
One time for my dead homies (Flair)
If I don't make it through the night
Just light it up and put one in the air for me