[Chorus]
Can you hear me, is someone there? Am I losing my mind?
Can you hear me, is someone there? Am I losing my mind?

[Verse 1: Pacewon]
(Word, yeah)
Some people have no obligations, there's nothing but leisure Since that's so, let's talk about the seizure of Tunisia
The people had their voice to serve ?rulings and they breached?
They could change for the better and have freedom of speech
Change the way that non-believers think
They way they teach the Prime Minister's replaced
The presidents impeached
Signing in to Twitter is the only way to hear the truth
People can't take a stand cuz there's snipers on the roof
But, where did they get those guns from?
Is there a chance that the government there
Somehow got them from France?
Which used to occupy there, Tunisia was the colony
They used it's resources to boost their economy
And threatened the people their with jail time and sodomy
Instead of being fair and running a legal lottery
Instead of sharing the wealth to keep the people quiet
They'd rather keep the money, and make the people riot
What's the science

[Chorus]
Can you hear me, is someone there? Am I losing my mind?
Can you hear me, is someone there? Am I losing my mind?

[Verse 2: Pacewon]
You could graduate from college, work hard and be smart
But the government there will confiscate your car
Like you graduated from Harvard to honey
By some murderers that wanna take your money
And eat all of your burgers up
Make you a burglar, telling you don't try
To be an entrepreneur cause the tax is so high
That you set yourself on fire, the ambulance goes by
Pretending they don't see you and the people, they won't cry
But the people, they do see you
The people will, they will be [   ?   ], the people
Want Heaven but the government wants Hell
A government like the Mafia thinking they're so easy
Till a hero comes along like Mohamed Bouazizi
And uses his education to give his life a boost
All he was selling was vegetables and juice
But the government doesn't really think that they could tax it
That's why the earth is spinning lopsided on it's axis
Tragic


[Chorus]
Can you hear me, is someone there? Am I losing my mind?
Can you hear me, is someone there? Am I losing my mind?

[Audio from news footage covering Mohamed Bouazizi]