Huh, ha ha
Yeah, Rah Digga
Huh, huh
Yeah uhh
PaceWON!
Outsidaz, the Alpha
Huahhh, huahhh
Flipmode, the Omega
Ha, ha-ha, yo
Bout to get mad chedda
Huh, ha-ha, ha
"Pacewon Effect" baby
Yo, huahhh
Roc-A-Blok
Yo, yo
I'm the freshest, PERIOD, Pacewon (Pacewon .. Pacewon ..)
Get used to hearin it, yo, I'm well known
Klepto, stick you for your cell phone
I set traps, kill off rats, get the cheeses
Bullshit ceases; +Alkaholik+ flow like E-Swift
.. with more force than "Star Wars"
Lightspeed, don't forget to lock your car doors
Got a sawed-off pump; in the back seat
Of a taxi, unhappy, bustin like acne
Got a team that puff cheeba
Rush ya wide receiver, Cowboys style, black tequila
We addictive and I bug since
Some fiends would go to jail for this uncontrolled substance
Sniff me, S.S. Vicky, straight bourbon
Got you turnin green, earlin urine
Now swing it in Da Bricks - cause that's where the money at!
All the way down to Philly - cause that's where the money at!
95 South baby - cause that's where the money at!
This for the money and that's where the money at!
So we headin out West now - cause that's where the money at!
Cali got the chronic - cause that's where the money at!
Bring it back home baby - cause that's where the money at!
This for the money and that's where the money at!
Yeah, what? Yo, yo
Pacewon I'm like the +Lord+, +Finesse'n+ shit
Black belt, kick that ass definite (hi-yah!)
Look it up and recognize who you effin wit'
Count the times you see my name in the Testament
Huh - rap like sex'n'shit
How I be tossin it up and catchin it - yo!
My nigga just dope throughout the game
It's wild how loud my name echo, +Nasty+ like +Esco'+
Fluent get-busy fluid in my bloodstream
Money hungry, stingy, love cream!
Money hungry, stingy, love cream
Money hungry, stingy, love cream
Yo, yo, to da bridge!
Money hungry, stingy, love cream
Money hungry, stingy, love cream
Money hungry.. stingy.. love cream!
Just me and my Dutchie
Smokin in public like can't nobody touch me
Spray paint the walls of halls around the country
Jersey to Cali to Texas in one week!
Back to Jump Street; spit like Foxy
Train like Evander for the kids that wanna box me
Shit is not sweet! .. Place no one above me
Money hungry, stingy, love cream
Money hungry, stingy, love cream
Roc-A-Bloc baby, Pacewon baby, Outworld baby..