[Intro: Denz One]
I go by the name of Denz One
From the Outsidaz
Joyce you ain't think we was going to let you get away with it
Did you?

[Verse: Pace Won]
Absolutely not
If being boring was a contest, Royce would be a sure win
If Hip Hop was champagne his would taste like urine
And I'm certain that I'm fresher than him even when I'm slurring
Drunk out on Clinton and Bergen, wearing a turban
To me sitting through one of his songs is like a burden
To the point, I want to spaz like Remy in Higher Learning
To the point that water can't dose the fire burning
It's his first night at "Fight Club" and I'm Tyler Durden
I'll hoist Royce off the ground and rejoice!
I'd rather hear a drippy faucet than the sound of his voice
He better run back to 9 Mile and round up his boys
But he don't got none!
It's like they moved from out of Detroit
To get away from him!
Being around him is depressing
And it's obvious he's suffering from fear of rejection
After all he is out here mooching of a legend
That I help make!
It's like he's trying to steal my blessings
If you are then you're a snake and it's a mongoose coming at you
Matter fact you are a snake because you dissed when you ain't have to
Now your value's been reduced to the market price of a cashew
And working with you just became taboo and unnatural
My home is now a no fly zone
To come here?! You better put some more guys on
And I swear when I catch you I'mma punch you in the glasses
Like rich and poor people we're in two different classes, Muthafucka

[Hook: Young Zee]
Introducing Royce the fi- man fuck that nigga name
Fuck this nigga name, man, fuck that nigga name
Introducing- man, fuck that nigga name, fuck this nigga name, man

[Verse 2: Young Zee]
Man, Royce da five nine is way poorer than I'me
Shady show, you ain't leavin tour with a dime
Bad meets evil shoud've been man meets sweet dude
Can't fool me, like you've been making cash like he do
On that song half the people thought y'all raps was equal
But I flashback, you was always trash to me though
Seen the nigga kick the same verse forty five times
Two hot bars, I start calling him Royce the five lines
Click on Youtube, Me and Em used to abuse dude
Verse was doo doo, whole New York about to boo you
My style is flying high, Jet Li kicks
Dark rhyme Sith, Jedi mind tricks is hybrid
I'm test pilot, ship pirates, Jets, Giants
Rocket science, defiliant where Left Eye went
Black rich white kid, two black barbies on the back of a black Harley
Left the after party, jackin off meat
When its packed in Long Beach, off a long draw street out of swap meet
Hoahhhhh...
My songs drop skeet on a concrete
Trust me, Bill Cosby must have drugged little Roycee
I kill softly, real awfully, off of pills or E'eez
You still real real corny
Detroit Em try introduce us when I came
He says Zee, this is Roy- I said fuck that nigga name!

[Hook: Young Zee]
Introducing Royce the fi- man fuck that nigga name
Fuck this nigga name, man, fuck that nigga name
Introducing- man, fuck that nigga name, fuck this nigga name, man

[Wolfe from the film "The Education of Sonny Carson" (1974)]
"He gots to die, he got...I got to take him off of here...
I got to take them off of here, there’s only one
And that’s me, you understand?
Sucka thinks he good
Sucka thinks he can whoop me
And I know he can’t whoop me and I
Hey boy, the nigga whole style is chump..."

Anybody got something to say speak on it