Chorus:
Homie just text'd me, said my nigga flexed em. Diamond brick frowney face, rabbit food frowney face
Say he wanna face me, tell 'em come in staighten it
SK frowney face, AK frowney face

Verse 1:
Tried to wet me up, shot up my truck in east atlanta. Wanna set me up cuz i trick this nigga in savannah. They put some money on my head I had to move to alabama, started pumpin with my cousin mixin 'caine with arm and hammer. somebody bloodied my face bad, wit led to my visit to the slamma but they put me in the hole becuause I beat em like a hamma. They tried to shot my nigga Juice a couple times ova by Gresham, wish i was there just to help em, he pushed on so I respect. ya feel the fortune and the fame deep in the game me and my gang
Behind the rights to get my record they tried to murk me for ma chain. I put tear drops unda my eye cuz i wish some days I could cry, but to loss my self-respect my nigga I would rather die! Gucci . . [Chorus]

Verse: 2
My former label didn't trick me they just did what was expected. I was self-sufficient before, I was independent sellin' records. I know they kickin they selves in the ass, im playin chess they playin checkers, and they know as well as I, I'll eat their whole roster for breakfast, Ima Bouldercrest professor, you should sign up this semester. make me laugh cuz im the king, I cut yo head off like a jester. Im standin tall as Manute Bol and yall niggas shorter than bustas, im the dope man, yall the workers so I feed yall with the extras. like drake, trey songz and wayne I dont know if I want successful. Successful at keepin my cool in situations highly stressful. Im gucci all about the zeros commas numbers and the decimals, but if your lookin for a visit to the morgue then i can help ya. . . Chorus

Verse:3
Sit here on tha corner pumpin crack and marijuana. You can try me if you wanna, but I promise you'll be a gonna. My rep just won't let you do that, I tote two straps I thought you knew that. If you come between my crews stacks ill lay you flat like a door mat. GUCCI