[Hook: Pharrell]
We've evolved from small to tall
And shall not stall, been flying too long
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa girl
I be sippin' on haterade
That deep-down getcha paid
It tastes like lemonade
Scrunch your face when you see me paid
I be sippin' on haterade
That deep-down getcha paid
That flavor is lemonade
Scrunch your face when you see me paid

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I'm not listening, I'm not interested
My attention only focused on what I get
Diamond’s glistening, they call me Mr. Check
White ice lemonade, Black ice she thick
I got general ambition, life's a bitch
So I treat it real good like hoes is squeezed
My whole life, I ain't never seen a car like that
And she probably won't see the next shit I get
And a seventeen fresh, I say I guess
Successful, healthy, I live no stress
So today is the day that the big boy shine
Drop tops everywhere, I wouldn't know how to rock
Got the titties out today showing off tan lines
Bands bending in my pocket, no it's not drumline
Me and Skateboard P in the club on time
No, not on time, but it just in time
(It's Gucci!)

[Hook: Pharrell]

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
Uh, yo, this one goes out to all of my critics
Don't you feel stupid? Look how I did it!
Look how it came to pass when I said it
We can do debit, cuz I don't need credit
Yes, I'm epic, look how I rep it
It's been eight years, but I broke the record
Yup, the record... yup, the record... yup, the record
(Just for the record)
Uh, I'm all that I can be
And I'll admit, I'm appalled when you envy
Cuz you can do it, too, and you can do it, too
I just happen to be the girl that they threw it to
So I'mma bounce back, and I'mma ball out
And every time that you see me I go all out
And I'mma win till the ending
Don't be mad when you see me transcendin'... Gucc!

[Hook: Pharrell]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
I ball hard, I should be in Sports Illustrated
Cooler than a motherfucka in a Porshe lemonade coupe
Pull up in a Ferrari in your hood, get intimidated
Mutilated, Maserati, Lamborghini (are) decapitated
Feds investigation on what I accumulated, insinuated
That I'm not the man that I say I am
Like I I give a damn
But I just run around town pickin' up stacks
Some like Louis, some like Gucci
I love money, ya I love solutions
And my teenage karat ring, baby girl choosin
And I ain't hard to please baby come choose me
Lounge around, round the town with the top chopped off
You can call it lost and found ’cause my top stay down
And I ain’t seen a muthafucka since I bought this car
I ain’t seen a muthafucka since I bought the car
It’s Gucci!

[Hook]

[Outro: Pharrell and (Gucci Mane)]
You know what I'm talkin' bout?
Go and lift your glass, go and lift your glass
(Let's think about the future and forget the past)
Everybody just lift ya glass, go and lift ya glass
If a nigga kid hatin', tell 'em kiss ya ass)
Just lift ya glass, go and lift your glass
(Let's think about the future and forget the past)
Everybody just lift ya glass, go and lift ya glass
If a nigga go hard, don't make me laugh, it's Gucci)