[Intro: Jake Paul & Gucci Mane]
Jake Paul
Aye, Gucci? (yah!)
Wanna show 'em how we do it? (brr!)
Aight, ayo, Sleep, you ready?
Remix! Guwop!

[Verse 1: Jake Paul]
It's everyday bro, that Disney Channel flow
Every day I film my life, double the views of any show
Nickelodeon hit me up and I said, "hell no!"
And FedEx hit me up, they 'bout to ship my Lambo (skrrt, skrrt!)
And I'm twenty years old, and the haters always fold
And the ice on me, cold, and in 1997, a new legend was born, now Jakey shootin' haters down
Call me Jason Bourne, got big Gucci on the flow
(Brr, brr, brr!) This shit cold like the snow
Mansion shoppin' on the low, they said Jake Paul is over
Sold twelve thousand at the show, it's a Gucci mink coat (ooh)
It's a yacht for the boat private jets to Ohio
So the kid that talk, can see my life a TV show
And it's every day bro, and y'all know the house cost seven
And you know I just ain't rentin'
And I be in the Aussie, eatin' shrimp on the barbie
All my exes look like Barbie and I pull up in the 'Rari like
Bling, blow! Oopsie, I just told them the truth (my bad!)
And I just dropped some new merch and it's still really sellin' like a f–, like a god, church!

[Chorus: Jake Paul & Gucci Mane]
It's everyday bro
It's everyday bro (ha!)
It's everyday bro (it's Gucci, ha!)
I said it is every day, bro!

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Every day I wake up and get it, that's just me
If I don't grind, then I don't eat 'cause that sh– ain't comin' free
I'm all the way in NYC, it's all about the cheese
You gettin' money? So are we, man, I rep 1017 (bih!)
I might pull up in a Lamborghini painted green (Guwop!)
Guwop back on the scene, you ain't heard, man, I'm the king (work)
You can call me Wizzop or you can call me Gucci (it's Gucci)
Every day, a hater hate, he mad because he losin'
I rep like I'm producin' (uh), but don't know how to do it (no!)
They rappin' 'bout that Pyrex but don't know how to use it (skrrt!)
In 1997, I would pull up in a Buick (huh?)
Now, every day, I'm changing cars, it's kinda gettin' confusin' (damn)
Every day, my lady make me stand up like a pool stick (woah)
And every day, the paparazzi put me in the news clip (uh)
And every day, I try not hit nobody with the full clip
From East Atlanta, not the Chi but I'm back on my bullsh– (it's Gucci!)

[Chorus: Jake Paul & Gucci Mane]
It's everyday, bro (ha)
It's everyday bro (brr!)
It's every day bro (wow)
I said it is everyday bro!

[Verse 3: Jake Paul]
Forty five bands on the Aston Martin bed
Sleep when I'm dead
Billboard twenty under twenty, so they said
I ain't no musician, I get bread, I'm just sayin'
Bought a Lamb that I slam on the gas to Calabas
Tryna pass the Kardashians, puttin' diamonds on my doggy too
Team 10, had to let me know
I get more for my clothes than these rappers get for shows
I just hit one hundred up the Malibu coast
And blew a hundred thousand on her
Now your girl a Jake Pauler, bam

[Chorus: Jake Paul]
It's everyday bro (Jake Paulers!)
It's everyday bro
It's everyday bro
I said it is every day bro!

[Outro: Jake Paul]
Album, album comin' December first
Album, December first
Album, December first
December first, album, ha ha
Oh shit, your boy does music? Alright