Lyrics by: LeRoy Charles Brown III a.k.a. Short Fuze a.k.a. Fuze
Shaquille K. Brown a.k.a. Highrowglyphfix a.k.a. Highrow


Exclusive Publishing Rights Owned by: LeRoy C. Brown Jr. Music

New Greats
Hook (Rick Ross)
You niggas ass backwards out here my nigga. Maybach music
You wigs shouldn’t cost more than your fur my nigga

Brick in my jeans. 2 bricks for the ream, 3 bricks for the bimmer
4 oz promethazine. Bitch I’ma dogg, bitch I’ma boss, all your is ….when that chopper going off. X2


Verse 1 (Short Fuze)

I got my eyes on this money my lungs is filled wit that Kush always been beating the system getting my doe off the books pull up in something real nice sha shorties giving me looks don't take my kindness for weakness been known to hang wit them crooks

But in my spare time I'm wit the Cloud Boyz rolling up we getting high boy I'm talking Blue Dream and that AK wit some bad bitches that go both ways now I be right beside 'em tryna get up inside em and all it takes is that GoodGood and Henny to solve my problems

Been a lot of places flying comfy I'm cooling champagne in my hand you niggas broke who you fooling we them new greats taking over writers wit the ill flow stackin all this paper you can tell by how the bills grow

Verse 2
(Gucci Mane)

Gucci.. Back to the old Gucci beat it like she stole sometin
I’m on the stove top whippin up a whole sum
Still got my old gun and hundreds from my ole run
I clicking dope in the morning in my long johns
Big booty bitch I’ll buy that bitch Big body bimmer I had to git
Right wrist cost me 20 bricks left wrist on some stupid shit
?

Verse 3 (Highrowglyphfix)


Ayo its' Conceptz Highrowglyphfix; Short Fuze we ain't movin weight
Doin shows frm state to state
Where you wanna go just name the place
Got some loud we about to face yeah
We cruising
Drop top porche 911 all white like im up in heaven
These bars Im about leaven
If I had the crazy gwap bugatti id buy seven
Straight flexin no stressin
Doin this music shit is a blessin
I reckon I go overseas and get a bad bitch thats french no dressin
Thats right kickin it relaxing
Any other nigga in my way Im passin
Metaphors similes you dudes is slackin
Now Im in the Aston middle finger Im laughin
Uh too nice w/ the lyrics
Slow it down yeah right I ain't finished
Hangin in the UK with my suitcase smile cologate I ain't tlkin bout the toothpaste
You niggas is loose weight lets talk about booth rates
We payin that 25 you coughin up
Bruce Gates
Fuckin w/ ya boyz u know we some new greats
Always eatin other rappers no need to use plates