[Intro: Gucci Mane & Rich The Kid]
It's Gucci!
Richie!
1017, Rich Forever
Burr
I don't even know how much my wrist cost
Ayy, ayy
(TheLabCook)

[Chorus: Rich The Kid & Gucci Mane]
Plug walk (heh, plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk
(richie!, ha, ha, huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk
(no, skrrt, pull up in a space coupe, skrrt, skrrt)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (heh, heh, ooh, ooh, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk

[Verse 1: Rich The Kid]
20K, that ain't shit to me (that ain't shit to me)
Get you knocked off for some groceries (hah, what?)
Might pull up to your show and spray the scenery (rrah)
Like fuck it it's gone have to be tragedy (a tragedy)
Ooh, and tell my 50, get the strap (get the strap)
Niggas hatin' 'cause I'm rich, I grab the MAC (I grab the MAC)
You can't trust a bitch, gon' stab you in your back (in your back)
I'm too rich to give a fuck and that's a fact (rich!)
Plug, I'm too busy countin' dividends (dividends)
She was talkin' shit about me, fuck the bitch again (I fuck the bitch again)
He ain't count a million (million), load the clip again (huh?)
Racks on me 'cause the plug, that's my best friend

[Chorus: Rich The Kid & Gucci Mane]
Plug walk (plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk
(huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk
(skrrt, pull up in a space coupe, heh, skrrt)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (go, ooh, ooh, lil' bitch, fire, skrrt)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk (go)

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Get the pot in New York, let the fork do the talk (skrrt)
Gucci Mane, I murder man (rrah), I get you lined in the chalk
Million dollar AP, Gucci Mane challenge
High steppin' in my Louboutins, fuck New Balance (damn!)
San Vanadria, how me and BP (heh)
Sellin' chronic like it's Snoop Dogg, that was '93
Blue coupe, red coupe, nigga I ain't set trippin' (no!)
This space coupe, I drop the plug off like he George Jetson (It's Gucci!)

[Chorus: Rich The Kid, Gucci Mane & YG]
Plug walk (plug walk, plug, plug, burr)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk
(huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk
(skrrt, pull up in a space coupe, 4Hunnid!)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (ooh, ooh, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk (4Hunnid!)

[Verse 3: YG]
Red coupe, I suwoo that (suwoo!)
Paint the Maybach red, had to do that (suwoo!)
I'm the plug, got the whole hood strapped (strapped!)
Glock 9, a new freezer, gotta shoot that
Blood walk (blood walk, on bloods!, do yo dance, do yo dance, do yo dance, do yo dance, do yo dance)
You new niggas just now learnin' how the Bloods talk (Bloods talk)
YG, you mad? Hell yeah, that nigga pissed off
But I'm up now, pass, touchdown
That's a touchdown, score and buy a bustdown
Ballin' 'til it's final, you get put out in the first round
I'm a boss, wow, certain things I don't touch now (blood walk)
And my plug sound like, "Pinche cabrón, ándale with that dope, ándale with that dope" (ándale!)
And my plug name is Tito Carrón, he be like, "ándale with that dope" (rriba!), you ain't got it then you vámonos

[Chorus: Rich The Kid, YG & 2 Chainz]
Plug walk (Tito!, plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk
(huh? what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk
(skrrt, pull up in a space coupe, skrrt, skrrt)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (lil' bitch off, ooh, ooh, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk (2 Chainz!)

[Verse 4: 2 Chainz]
Got chips like a casino (chips)
Had to try angles like Dorito (different angles)
I'm the godfather, nigga, Don Vito (yeah)
This cheese nachos, nigga, jalapeño
Me and my plug use sign language (uh)
I want five of 'em, I showed him five fingers (damn)
Five cellphones, nigga, five ringers (five ringers)
I talk shit too, I'm bilingual (woo)
I got a bi with me tryna get by (get by)
She say she don't like niggas and neither do I (neither do I)
Silicone valley with the trap shit (trap shit)
Southside started all the cap shit (cap shit)

[Chorus: Rich The Kid & 2 Chainz]
Plug walk (yeah, plug walk, plug, plug)
I don't even understand how the fuck my plug talk
(huh?, que pasa, migo?, hah, what, what?)
Pick him up in a space coupe, I don't let my plug walk
(skrrt, pull up in a space coupe, space coupe, space coupe, skrrt, skrrt)
New freak, had to cut my other lil' bitch off (ooh, ooh, cut that bitch, lil' bitch)
50K, you could come and book a nigga for a plug walk