[Intro: Cash Out]
Ha... the curb, the curb nigga
I done stacked 10 toes down, sold bricks and pounds
There's some niggas on the curb (on the curb)
Ha (on the curb) sheeeit!
There's some niggas on the curb (yeah)
Knowmtalmbout, do you fuckin' with? Ha
There's some niggas on the curb... that would bust your head
There's some niggas on the curb... really 'bout that bread
There's some niggas on the curb... really sold that blow
There's some niggas on the curb... really rode them hoes

[Cash Out]
Ha, I'm back, but I ain't left shit (I ain't left shit)
In the stash house I left bricks (I left bricks)
Damn, in the stash house I left cash (I left cash)
And on that track shit I left ass (I left ass)
Nigga get your bandz up (get your bandz up nigga)
Cause them bandz will make her dance (them bandz a make her dance)
And the bandz is in my pants (is in my pants nigga)
And I fuck with a bitch from France (ha ha)
She got an arrogant talk (she talk like that)
I got an arrogant walk (I talk like that)
Got them bricks, hawks (hawks)
ATL baby (ATL), I'm a player baby (I'm a player)
Whoo, and you know your hair gotta be longer than mine (gotta be longer than mine baby)
And you know that you gotta be super fine (gotta be super fine baby)
Do your dance on that dick (do your dance)
I strike a pose take a pic (take a pic)

[Hook: Cash Out]
There's some niggas on the curb... that would bust your head
There's some niggas on the curb... really 'bout that bread
There's some niggas on the curb... really sold that blow
There's some niggas on the curb... really rode them hoes
The curb... the curb...
The curb... the curb...
There's some niggas on the curb... that would bust your head
There's some niggas on the curb... really 'bout that bread

[Gucci Mane]
I'm about that bread, I'm about that bread, woke up in the morning with your bitch in my bed
I ain't scared but fuck the feds, walk around the city with a brick in my pants
Ferarri horses talking back, and no bitch this ain't Mr. Edd
If I had long hair I shake my dreads, so many ways that a bitch could get scared
A million of your girl underwear, 2 box of condoms I come prepared
Necklace full of VVS's, damn that's a good first impression
I'm so cool but I got 3 rules, first no fat hoes in my section
When I fuck I use protection, you don't like it, get to steppin'
Many on the curb y'all nigga know the work, put the pressure purp and the pound of purple
Put you a better boss so your man's a worker, hatin' on the kid gon' make it worser
Put a bunch of holes in a brand new vert, bitch, you know that I was swerving
Cell lights sittin' on top of my dunk, don't that bitch look like a turd

[Hook]