[Intro: 2winJay & Tag]
2win!
Marz

[Hook: 2winJay & TrapQuan$]
With that .30, I feel like Curry with the shot (with the shot, with the shot)
Coming from the gutter, but I’m cribbin’ to the top (to the top, to the top)
Also, got some homies out here, postin’ on the block
For my brothers out turnin’ savage, run up on ‘em, you get dropped (you get dropped, you get dropped)
With that .30, I feel like Curry with the shot (with the shot, with the shot)
Coming from the gutter, but I’m cribbin’ to the top (to the top, yeah)
Also, got some homies out here, postin’ on the block (for my block) (aye)
For my brothers out turnin’ savage (aye), run up on ‘em, you get dropped (aye) (you get dropped (aye), aye, you get dropped, aye)

[Verse: TrapQuan$ & 2winJay]
Aye, run up on me, you get shot (blaow!)
I know them niggas that be on the block, like, twelve o’clock (like, twelve o’clock)
I remember gettin’ mad low from the cops
‘Cause if they saw what I had on me, I’ll be locked (Gang!)
My nigga, Al got arrested from a Glock (brr!)
Think shit sweet? Man, I’ll pull up in a flock
Stomp you out until you screaming, “Stop!” (stop!)
Guess what? I won’t stop, I won’t stop, I won’t stop
I’m a cool person, but I do not like suspicion
My boy be in the trap and he water whippin’ (yeah!)
And he try to test me (yeah!), no frontin’, I’ll leave you missin’ (aye!)
And my goons’ll leave you sleepin’ with the fishes (Gang!)
And it’s crazy how niggas talk more than bitches (bitch)
Niggas sellin’ drugs just to turn ‘to snitches (snitch)
Shawty drinkin’ me, I swear, I am Lipton, aye
Danny whipped that pistol, no Lethal Weapon
Gang! Gang!

[Hook: 2winJay & Tag]
With that .30, I feel like Curry with the shot (with the shot, with the shot)
Coming from the gutter, but I’m cribbin’ to the top (to the top, to the top)
Also, got some homies out here, postin’ on the block
For my brothers out turnin’ savage, run up on ‘em, you get dropped (you get dropped, you get dropped)
With that .30, I feel like Curry with the shot (with the shot, with the shot)
Coming from the gutter, but I’m cribbin’ to the top (to the top, yeah)
Also, got some homies out here, postin’ on the block (for my block, for my block)
For my brothers out turnin’ savage, run up on ‘em, you get dropped (you get dropped, aye, Marz, you get dropped, aye)