[Intro]
Aye, Yeah
JB

[Verse 1]
My boy got locked up for some gang related incidents
You prolly don't care, but his son is really missing him
And ain't no real up in these streets
It's all fake evidence
And I was trapped up on the block, just trying to pay the rent
My other homie got shot now he might not walk again
But I believe in god, so I brought him built in
I told him when you out the ICU and I see You
But I'm a say I told you when you walking out the hospital
Another brother locked for murder
They might give him knife
I write him letters every chance I get
I trying to give him life
I picked up the call today
He said Marz, what happened?
You used to be a beast, now you like
A church chapel, and
I was blind, now I can see so what you mad at?
I'm here to set my people free, and you can quote that
Physical prison's just a symptom of the times
True freedom is release from the prison in your mind

[Hook]
The prison gates have been opened, get your mind focused. RUN!
And never look back!
There's hope for the hopeless, get your mind focused. RUN!
And never go back!
This is freedom music, for a slaved world
I'm yelling
DOWN WITH THE KINGS!!!
Watch the throne burn
Tell the nations, and the block from the streets to the top
I ain't tripping on no
They never really loved us

[Verse 2]
She let her guard down, and she did some things she shouldn't have
Now she pregnant but her husband not the baby's dad
If we don't guard our life and heart with focused diligence
We learn the hard way
Sin don't ever keep it's promises
Empty shells, dressed in thousand dollar fashion trends
Beautiful flower with no scent, that's a Kardashian
Well love is something our grandparents talking 'bout
Today's dropping for that cash, you know what I'm talking 'bout?
And everybody's heart colder then a snowball
Who can you trust up in this world, filled with cold walls?
It's like we living in the last days, but the blast steady
Talking, acting, faking, like everything's OK
And I ain't falling for that
Hey that's what it is, gang
If we ain't got the heart to fight, then we already dead
I mean a child having a child in a couple months
Her pops left, she gonna pop looking for some love

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
The Airforce threw our dead soldiers in the landfill
Take a second, try to understand how they fam feel
And you don't want the truth, you want the fake real
Mainstream, Candy land, bubble gum, a mass appeal
Is there anybody out that's alive still?
Can you hear me? Is you with me in the battlefield?
My god said, "they'll fight against you, but they won't prevail
Cause I am with you to the end, and I will never fail."

[Hook]

[Outro]
They never really loved us (x3)
No, they don't love us
And now we know it