[Intro]
The world is yours is something is, um, something I got from Slick Rick
Back in the days, hey young world, the world is yours
From the movie Scarface where, uh, his whole thing was the world is yours
He sort of bluntly said the world is yours out there in the sky
He looked at it, uh, something from god telling him, you know, the world is yours

Yeah, yeah, yeah (It goes)

[Chorus: x2]
Hey young world... the world is yours
Hey young world... the world is yours
Young world young world... the world is yours
Young wo-ah-huh-huh-huh-urld (It goes)

[Verse 1]
Young people are so special
It's so good what god blessed you
Death to unethical thoughts that surpress you
Like diseases, they conjure up inside the test tubes
To stress you, beaurcratic genocide
But maybe I'm a wreck loose
It's just my observation as a whole
Human extermination, population control
Assuming my generation is young and out of control
But y'all don't understand this
Y'all out of touch and y'all old
I promise to stay in full, try to stay on course
And right the wrongs of my father with my baby boy
Life is full of problems, don't go away when ignored
Life is long it's important that it's played like a sport
Every skyscraper you see started off as a thought
And Ricky Walters told me that the world could be yours
So hey young world, yeah hey young world
The world is yours

[Chorus: x2]
Hey young world... the world is yours
Hey young world... the world is yours
Young world young world... the world is yours
Young wo-ah-huh-huh-huh-urld (It goes)

[Verse 2]
You could have been arrested
Locked down doing 10 on a fed bid
But you home so your know you blessed, kid
But trust me, I know some people who are not as lucky
Cause on the small drug beef
Gone 15 years it must be
Conspiracy, a killer sees
No liberty or justice
Congress talk nonsense
It's consignment for us hustlers
There's no 401k retirement for us hustlers
It's one way, until death
We die young, it's bum luck
Young bruh, tell me why you want war?
Tote a gun for, whoever to pump forth
With tough talk, get done off
New York City streets they carry the worst gun law
But still it's real, we do it with tools
It's ungod, under the code of hood, play your role
And maybe you'll live to grow old
Kids and a wife and household
Slow your roll before your soul
Eject from your body and you turn cold
Take advice yo, take a higher road
Hey young world, yeah, hey young world, yeah (It goes)

[Chorus: x2]
Hey young world... the world is yours
Hey young world... the world is yours
Young world young world... the world is yours
Young wo-ah-huh-huh-huh-urld (It goes)