{*gospel singers harmonize in the background*}

[Intro: The Rock]
Mmm... mm mm mm
You know the Rock's gonna tell you a little story
You ain't gonna believe it, but he's gonna tell you anyway
It's tough to be the Rock, ah nah nah shut your mouth
No no, it really is (oh yes)
Even though the Rock is, the Rock is
THE MOST, electrifying man in all of showbiz (oh yes)
You see when the Rock gets too much (too much)
Too much of the fame and, and all the bright lights (too much)
He likes to kick back and, have a slice of that
Unadulterated, delight

[Interlude: Slick Rick & The Rock]
Welcome to Rick's bakery, can I help..
Wait a minute, aren't you the famous Rock?
Yeah the Rock, the People's Champ in the house
What's happenin Slick?
My God hey how ya doin guy?
Look you gotta take a picture with me 'fore you leave guy
Oh whoa whoa the Rock don't want to take pictures
The Rock just wants a piece of pie
You got any of that in this bakery?
Oh, I got every kind of pie you can think of
I got strawberry pie, blueberry pie, apple pie
Blueberry - what?
I got peaches
Ah no no no, whoa whoa whoa
Actually Slick, it doesn't matter what type of pie you have
Let the Rock tell you a little story, about pie

[Verse 1: The Rock & Slick Rick]
Drivin down South though quickly aroused
When my car caught a flat near this old farm house
I hope somebody's home, takin a chance at it
Knocked on the door and this fine chick answered it
(You're the Rock!) Can I use your phone? (I'm shakin'!)
Sure, if you try some of this pie I'm bakin'
Daisy Duke shorts on, five foot stood
Said sure - what the heck, I mean it did smell good
So when she called Rock in the kitchen, towards the vapor
There's her grandmother, aunt, and her Chinese neighbor?

[Interlude 2: The Rock]
Oh the Rock is gonna tell ya again
See it's tough to be the Rock (oh yes)
Oh yeah, the Rock knows, that might sound crass (oh yes)
Oh and by the way, all you jabronis in the locker room
You can ALL come kiss the Rock's ass! (oh yes)
Cause you know after the Rock lays the smack down (too much)
On some big ugly hermaphrodite (too much)
The Rock needs a little distraction
And a slice, sounds just right

[Verse 2: The Rock & Slick Rick]
(The Rock said) Thanks ladies (and more kind words)
(Grandmother said) Be polite, eat mine first
So I sat down, tried hers, she looked quite glad
Had a strange taste of mold, but it wasn't so bad
(That's right!) The Rock havin pie in the country
Devoured hers, her aunt's, and still I was hungry
(That's all Rock said?) Bored and readin the papers
'Til FINALLY, a plate of the next door neighbor's
Gulped it down fast, cause it really did please
I mean it tasted so good, Rock was talking Chinese
Ching-bong-bing-yao-moya-AIYYYYY!  Dat good pie
Oh that's the pie you was talkin' about

[Outro: The Rock]
Oh yeah, the Rock knows the millions can smell it now
It's tough to be the Rock (oh yes)
No no no NO, it really is (oh yes)
Because you all know the Rock is THE MOST
Electrifying, man in all of showbiz (oh yes)
You see when the Rock gets too much (too much)
Too much of the fame and all the bright lights (too much)
He loves to kick back and have a slice
No no no no no, the Rock is gonna eat the WHOLE DAMN PIE!
(Sweet!  Sweet!  Lah dahhhhhhh)