Well I shot some deer, then I copped some beer
And did a show up in west bumblefuck somewhere
Due to rap's wider ratio, satelites-to-NATO
Hillbilly's drawers flew on stage like tomatoes
Apparently more mack than I thought
Unfortunately wifepiece back in New York
And I'm starvin - being human and open
A mad fine hillbilly woman was scopin' Rick
Thought entered how to lean and bend it
Though I'm not gonna lie I was extremely tempted
("To what Rick?")
To discharging a sister, next thing in the dressing room
("Pardon me mister")
"Yes" I said, cautiously
("Crazy but possibly you could sign your name on the back of these daisy duke shorts for me?")
Tried to resist, now girlfriend's starting it
"The pen won't write", ("You can press down hard on it")
Now my hand browsing her south end, spun around, about to shove my tongue in her mouth when ("RING")
Loosen the grip my (?) had; my girl she was talking so nice I felt bad
Being untrue no telling what it might do to her
"I Love you" - Forced to say "I Love you" back too to her
Any thought of getting pussy was doomed, too
("You gotta wife?") "Anniversary comin' up soon too"
Got off the phone, (?)
"Don't get me wrong, it's not like you're not cute" (uh huh)
I'm all from the street and I be wanting to skeet in you ("I understand good-bye it was real nice meeting ya)
What an angel overcoming his wrongness, all I am trying to get across in this song is...

Chorus: (repeat 2x)
If goodness is what you're filling your soul with
And want to find a woman you can chill and grow old with
Keeps no secrets, like who they creep with
Realize early it's a two way street kid

Casually seating with some thick (?) eating with my album playing at a big board meetin'
("I love this!") Being the coolest and the roughest
A big (?) woman pulls The Ruler in her office
I fixed the wedge in her garment unsteady; unsteady my heart went
Cause her office looked like a three bedroom apartment
Poundin' was inevitable, she said to me "Rick I think your album is incredible!"
The (?)
(Rick I think you're so darn sexy with that patch over your one eye)
I'm glad you think it's boomin and I catch ya', it means a lot to me coming from a woman of your stature
I mean who could resist the darn hat, start caressing Rick's private, kiss me on the neck
And I can't be held accountable, down her gown I pull, girlfriend pussy look plump and poundable
She sweats (?), put one of your legs up on the desk, and let me enter ya
Fantastic girl I start to act drastic, when I see my wedding band palm the bitch left ass cheek
Deep down she felt that I tried to diss. I'm like
"I can't do this as much as I'd like to, miss"
An angel overcoming his wrong kids, the point I'm trying to get across with this song is...

[Chorus]