[Intro: DJ Doo Wop]
What's poppin', y'all? This the DJ Doo Wop! I'm in the buildin' with 3 hungry emcees that's 'bout to go in! First up reppin' Boston, Mass, he stay schemin'! Ayo Chilla Jones, set it off playboy, come on!

[Verse 1: Chilla Jones]
Can't take it anymore, you better recognize
These pupils is cornier than ever so I'm wreckin' eyes
Pushin' up on the top spot, it's Texas size
They flow plain and that's why I won't let it fly
Term on tour out in Europe
Schoolin' me on the game, like look at the scoreboard, homie you're up
You're badder than every batter swingin' out Europe
I guess I gotta floss now
Every battler get a loss now
Got every major city screamin' "Boss Town"
Check the news, and respect the views
I'm fire, just set the fuse
I'm a guillotine, extra sharp
Tryna get ahead so you're next to lose
You can't overlook me, when leagues overbook me
Me afraid? Them cats kiddin', I ain't close to pussy
Never showin' fear, so quote it clear
Call me Chipper, cause Jones been brave his whole career
I can't take it

[Interlude: DJ Doo Wop]
Damn! I told you I'm in the house with 3 monsters! Straight up! DJ Doo Wop! That's how we do this right here! Next up, reppin' that Murder Ave Gang! Yeah! Straight out of Brooklyn, New York, we top tier battlin' right here, baby! Ayo Cortez, you ready to catch a body, my dude? Brooklyn what up!

[Verse 2: Cortez]
Let me talk my shit though!
Rims crackin' through the potholes
Raised with them [?]
Triple beam scale, saran wrap, blindfold
Re-up, guapo, this cheese, not yours
Inspired by the game, I'm yellin', "Free El Chapo!"
I'm street smart, nah I don't know what your mans think
Idiot, should diary: Anne Frank
Respect is much more than just a handshake
I'm starin' still [?] 'til I can't break
Boss B, off of my hand, but never force me
I'm no angel, handin' out wings if niggas cross me
I'm grindin' on the wake-up, let it sit by the coffee
Revenge bittersweet, that's why these niggas be salty
I'm smokin', gettin' high, started thinkin' dollars
And I moved up, 3 O's and started thinkin' commas
Yeah I'm from the zoo, nigga's packed with them llamas
Gotta keep it a buck, I wouldn't change for Obama
Can't take it

[Interlude: DJ Doo Wop]
Wow, say it though - Cortez goes in, baby! Up next though, [?] brother, reppin' that Lawrence, Mass! Reppin' that ST Squad, what up! Reppin' Show Off and all that! He calls himself the Super MC! Termanology! You ready, playboy!? Bounce on the twin, just bounce on the twin!

[Verse 3: Termanology]
I'm the greatest, got two lasers like Darth Vader's
45 with an Inf beam that's calibrated
Give it a little kick, it'll open your soul
And let the vultures pluck the eyeballs out of your skull
Fuck a collab, I could get you snuffed on the ave
Bucked and then stabbed, pistol whipped and stuffed in a cab
You a small guy, spreadin' all them immature lies
Make me wanna pull a Joker, stab this pen in your eye
I hate you like I hate cops, chase you down for 8 blocks
Hit you in the stomach and have you burnin' like straight shots
Make me wanna spray shots, snatch ya Rollie, take clocks
It's gettin' out of hand, this time, you know, take it off
Run it, the last one you would think of done it
Cause you changed over them dollars, couldn't keep it a hunnit
Give me patience, 'fore I pistol whip his fuckin' face in
And use the blood for my lil' daughter's face paintings

[Outro: DJ Doo Wop]
Damn, slow down Term! The mic is officially dead, rest in peace to the microphone! Tonight I told y'all I was in here with straight monsters! Real emcees, baby, Boston, Mass! Brooklyn, New York! Lawrence, Mass! Y'all was representin' so beautifully tonight! DJ Doo Wop, I'm signin' off right now - I can't even say nothin' else, man. This is crazy, this the new hip hop!