[Verse 1: Termanology]

I told her
Come experience living life on another level
Champagne leather on the seats, girl this ain't a rental
My eyes red like a rose petal, I'm so ghetto
Mix the Mad Dog straight with the amaretto
Oh, yes! I'll get you set up for your Rolex
Criminal enterprise minds, we here to collect
She said, I'm the best she ever had, like Drizzy
I told her, bitch, leave me alone, told you I'm busy

Never stress, roll around strapped when I'm collecting debts
Never meet, just call Hec, it's off with your neck
Back to rack, you couldn't see me double cataracts
Telescopes, stigmas, eyes twitching from sniffing Jack
Money gettin, like Sonny Liston I hit hard
Money, listen. Buddy system: get lost
A crazy guy. With a lazy eye and a Mercedes high
I stay creating Def Jams like it's 1985

[Chorus: Ea$y Money]

Oh, yes!
You now rocking with the best
Take a bullet, assess, and lift her dress, mami sayin'
Oh, yes!
You know them can't contest
It's the S, the T to the dot, the most fresh
Oh, yes!
Them never settle for less
Fuck with the vets, is it true we leave them haters a mess?
Oh, yes!
Now put your hands up high if you feel the vibe
Ha ha, you know the rest. 

[Verse 2: SuperSTah Snuk]

Grab my keys from the rack, Hennessy on my lap
Fresh from my white T to the B on my hat
I'm a motherfucking superstar baby, you ain't knew that?
True fact, I'm really doing all the shit that you rap
And my team better than better than average
Got it all, yeah, I'm selling your medicine cabinets
You can't see me on no regular atlas
I'm saying my shit's live, you spelling it backwards

Yeah, I'm a bad motherfucker
Top of the road, Superfly, Superstah Snuck-ah
And my shit's ludicrous, lover lover
I got some butter for that buns, baby spread it all up-ah
I keep it suckah-free, that's just me, look--
That's just how it is and just how it's gonna be
Like, uh, you now rocking with the pro
The answer "am I the nicest" is the opposite of no

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Ea$y Money]

Oh, yes? She chill with your boy, it's no stress?
Never protest when I wanna give her throat sex
I'm a motherfucker but she give me the booty
Cause I keep it G like a Disney movie
We go-getters, ho-getters, now they so jealous
Stay fly, without the wings and the propellers
We gettin it, now what they gon' tell us
You'd think it's money pizza in the oven, how the dough swell up

Man, you know I stay fly and shit
So these chicks stick to me like a fly to shit
Scratch that, more like I stay flier than a G4
What you think your girl fucking with a G for?
I'm just a fly guy, I got her eyes wide
Call me high tide, am I something to see?
Sure. Pretty face, slim waist, and her ass bad?
I'ma put a pound on the pussy, no hashtag

[Chorus]