[Letra de "Restless" ft. Termanology]

[Intro]
Yeah... Termanology, Cres
Illmind! on the track

[Verso 1: Cres]
Esta vez vine a dejar huella pa' siempre
Como en la piel un hierro incandescente
El Cres pa' algunos un nuevo referente
Sonar así no es corriente, lo sé
Soy el factor sorpresa con el que no ha conta'o la gente
Yo tranquilo, todo a su debido tiempo
Escribo, cuento cosas ¿Vacilo? Sé lo que estoy haciendo
Si lo sé, vengo antes; tengo estilo como el [?]
Aniquilo toys, por eso estoy sonriendo
Yo no te miento como ZP
Y me hacen gracia esos grupitos
Que van de sobra'o porque han saca'o LP (¡quita!)
Como ese, que por llevar placa no sé que se cree
Como el que tacha y se hace el loco
¿Tú te crees que somos tontos o qué?
Voy a seguir en pie, pase lo que pase
Y si me limitasen mi cuerpo explotaría como un kamikaze
Yo me siento libre en cada frase
Y la buena educación que me han da'o
Me permite escupir con esta clase

[Estribillo: Scratches; Samples]
Hit you off with the underground, pound for pound
Brr, fuck around
Who the fuck said that color mattered
It's all in the attitude (what? what?)
Subir al escenario y mala ostia soltar
For sure
You could try but you'll never ever be this hot

[Verso 2: Termanology]
I got a ill mind, my records they will shine
I'm reckless, but still rhyme, profession, I'm still signed
Many independent deals in my day
I've been gettin' money off rap since '03
But that don't mean I ain't trap with OGs and
Cats are so cheesy, plaques of Gold please
I be on tracks with LOX and MO-Ps
You be on tracks with cats with no steez
I destroy beats like the Pro Tools crashing
You ain't say shit, we are not the same kid
I am an alien, never played on the radio
Haters go crazy to facing they face ain't on my videos
Plentiful bitches who spit it but don't spit it original
Mimicking criminals know when they never seen a digital scale
Of a sale but they frail and it's ail
Or the jails and they tails but they fail to be real
On the quest for respect but they next to get checked
'Cause the rest of they set know they wack and they rep
Me and Cres be them vets with them tats on our chests
From the West to US, we the best of the best and I'm gone

[Puente]
Who the fuck are you?!
Smash mics

[Verso 3: Cres]
It came for me the time to explain things fame brings
That insane rap ain't shit
Do I make myself clear? I don't think not
I break necks and speakers, make sex to beats
You paychecks [?] than when I be
Figures in this rap game, your shit and mine are not the same
I focus on the rhyme, you focus on rockin' your chain
Rockin' my name with no stains on my resume
Blow up the stage and make a change like it's president
Ya sabes quien sigue a cien haciéndolo
Bien, con buen pie y con [?] sintiéndolo
Viendo como MC's de este país apenas se esfuerzan
Voy a conciertos, lo veo escupiendo y siento vergüenza
Empieza a despertar la bestia, en mis fauces textos
De esos raperos crudos, los trituro y no dejo ni los restos
No nos compares con el resto, sería molesto
Porque es que no hay nadie como nosotros dos haciendo esto

[Estribillo: Scratches; Samples]
Hit you off with the underground, pound for pound
Brr, fuck around
Who the fuck said that color mattered
It's all in the attitude (what? what?)
Subir al escenario y mala ostia soltar
For sure
You could try but you'll never ever be this hot