[Intro]
Yeah
Woo! Shit, take 'em to church
This make me feel good, man
So much negativity, man
I'm tryna bring somethin' positive back, you know
Tell you a couple of things I believe in
Yep
So there it go, couple of things I don't believe in, too
Woo!

[Verse 1: Termanology]
Yeah
Shit, they say: 'What do you believe in?'
I'd rather tell you what I don't believe
Soldiers overseas, dyin'
For some shit that they don't believe
And lil' kids in the hood with no groceries, scared
Turn on the lights and the roaches leave
So they tip-toe with ease like: 'Oh no, please!'
I ain't a player, I don't need nobody coachin' me
Up in the government we ain't bringin no cocoa leaves
Shit is so fucked up, niggas so coked up
They don't see their whole check in their ass smoked up
Niggas screamin': 'Folks up!', niggas screamin': 'Folks down!'
Niggas screamin': 'Blood in!', niggas screamin': 'Blood out!'
That gang shit got the youth ready to bang shit
Niggas dyin' for colors, everywhere it's the same shit (same shit)
It seems I've been goin' through this for years
They say the good die young, but I don't know how I'm here
They say: 'What do you believe in?'
I believe if you don't stand for somethin', you fall for nothin'
They say: 'What do you believe in?'
I believe in karma, that's 360, my niggas ridin' with me
They say: 'What do you believe in?'
I believe, all my brothers in the pen, we gon' see you again
They say: 'What do you believe in?'
I believe that Bush is on my [?], still I keep my head up

[Hook: singers]
You can turn your back and then walk away
(You can turn your back and then walk away)
Soon be comin the judgement day
(Ahh, soon there be comin the judgement day)

[Verse 2: Xzibit]
C'mon..
What do you believe in? I believe in karma
And that fo'-five to drop that drama
Can't wait for the time when I meet my maker
Picture everlasting life in Jamaica, time to wake up
Watch your thoughts, your thoughts become words
Your words become actions when the bullshit happens
Keep laughin', that's when the gauge start clackin'
Feel the buckshots smackin' have your body mismatchin'
Yo, I feel the devil tryin to force my hand
Steady bringin' out the soldier in a peaceful man
See I was born to be all that I can, without a Uncle named Sam
As you can see we just a part of his plan
Cause first there was a war on blacks
And then there was a war on crack, now it's war in Iraq, c'mon
I never give up, I only give back
I ain't preachin, I'm just statin the facts
So let the choir SING!

[Hook]

[Outro: Statik Selektah]
One time!
Big shout-out my man Dan Green
Clockwork Music
The whole ST The Squad
Payroll, Lawtown
617, all the ShowOffs
That's it!