[Intro: DJ Premier]
Big shout out to my nigga Termanology
His album coming soon too
Another motherfucker with skills
Matter of fact, we gon getting that Royce/Termanology collabo
It's called "What you call that" (yeah yeah yeah yeah !)
Yo Statik drop that shit !

[Verse 1 :Royce Da 5'9"]
Same aim through the chest
Same game ludicrous
They ain't saying who the best
They ain't playing Budapest
Who the Kane ? Who the next ?
I'm scared of that, this is compared to that
Lyrically, Vishis the heir to that
I'm like a camera catching you talking like Miramax
You talking shit after we park, you going be aware of that
I'm feeling like Cassidy spark you beware of that
And yeah I'm raps Ashley Parker, been there and back
Now he's nasty, she with me then she's classy
She is as bad as can be but I keep her knees ashy
Nigga I'll make that clique sit up, she make my dick spit up
You make my day you keep her wrist lit up
You a Louie bag buyer
I'm the "push the new jag until we crash, until the tags expire"
So recognize fire, Recognize the best rapper alive until who we have retire !

[Chorus]
Yeah I specialize in rhymes but I peep the bogus
On every known level I'm a stone cold rebel
If I'm not a hustler, what you call that ?
This is before rap, this is all fact
When gangstas bump my shit can they hear my hunger ?
You get money ? I can't get none with you then fuck you
If I'm not a hustler, what you call that ?
This is before rap, this is all fact

[Verse 2: Termanology]
Ayo, hold up shout out my man Royce up in the pan
We murder shit with the pen
For murderizing the pen
You prolly heard him with Slim
Prolly heard him with Preem
But now you hear him with Term', come versing over a beat
It's 'ology
Man I make a scene with the clique
Halo mean on the chick
Billie Jean on the bitch
Hallo fiends for the fix
???? on the Knicks
Vaseline on the bricks
Haloween for the tricks
Omit you black, haloween on the kicks
Call it a rap, got the beam on a clip
Homie, I make that gat spit up
And make your back split up
It ain't no way you wanna rap with 'em
You a pussy PAB buyer, information supplyer for police with a wire
So recognize fire, recognize when I exercise my trigger finger for hire !

[Chorus]
Yeah I specialize in rhymes but I peep the bogus
On every known level I'm a stone cold rebel
If I'm not a hustler, what you call that ?
This is before rap, this is all fact
When gangstas bump my shit can they hear my hunger ?
You get money ? I can't get none with you then fuck you
If I'm not a hustler, what you call that ?
This is before rap, this is all fact