[Intro/Chad Elliot]
It's 1993! And it's all about her
So here we go!
(that's what little girls are made of)
Dr. Seuss Production!
To my side I got the R to the A to the V-E-N
So here it go!

[Verse 1]
Take a peek while I kick a Dr. Seuss mix
Ting-a-ling-a-boom! Ya pockets will they pick?
Shazam! Kick jam, the little rap
Suit to your tutu the middle rock flash!
Gobble... zuuuu gobbled up my lyric!
Hut for the double hut kid of the month!
Dag who touched the sweets to my all that
Tweedle dee, bumble bee, kick the funky def!
Who's gonna play? Back for show & tell
Too young to have a love so I call him fairy-tale
Marmaduke so I like her roots, so my love said
"Raven, this is what little girls are made of!"

[Chrous] 3x
That's what little girls are made of!

[Verse 2]
Well see I'm the rave, uh, the R-A-V-E-N
And when I start rhyming I can flow to the fin'
I can get laid back on ya knack paddy whack
Give a dog a mic and have some candy handy!
Roll 'em over, roll 'em over, bake them in a pan!
I'm the little girl who baked the ginger bread man, understand?
Diggy diggy dumb you understood and
You can thank me for showing Mike how to jam
Kris how to jump, Jordan how to dunk
En Vogue how to sing, Devante how to swing!
This is what girls are made of, sugar spice and I'm the one who's nice
I got more rhymes than Cosby got shows!
Got more "knows" than Humpty got nose!
I support the women of zaggah, zaggah in my bag
I put my drawers in my hands so my pants won't sag-uh!

[Chorus]

[Missy:]
Said Shablang dang, diggily dang dang dang, dang diggily dang dang dang dang dang shablang!
She the little raven come true let her buck up!
So go cuckoo, give her room so she does her thing!
You want me get down
The funky rhythm go booyaka booyaka
That's what I give them!
I take 'em to the ring and make em ting-a-ling-a-ling!
Like why you need to tell me friend!

[Verse 3]
Not trying to diss when I kris kross the Kris!
Kris Kross the Rav now the Rav makes a twist!
Like the House of Pain, jump, Raven gonna pump
From the fat beat maker to the big rump shaker!
Come and talk to me from the Jo-Jodeci!
Reminisce, see if I can get with Mary B
Cause I'm not the one, not the one to play
But get your ball and ya bat cause this song is a hit!
If ya see what I see, then see what I bring!
If you like the reggae then you ting-a-ling-ling!
'Cause if you like to see me, then honey don't shove
'Cause I'm a pile of sugar and this is what I'm made of!

[Chorus]