My style can't be duplicated or recycled
This chick is a sick individual
Sick tape, volume 2!
Believe it! Oh! Oh!
Let me switch up the game

I drink that cognac yeah, step back cuz I might put it on ya
I go deep so deep, til you sleep, count sheep wake ya up from fucking all week
You don't want me to show ya how freak bitch act when I ain't soba
One of em, tore up, sho nuff. I ain't scared to take it off, tell em' free to take it off
Tipsy and it feel good, black dudes got big woods. Into it, I do it, I did it
If you really, really want it then nigga stop frontin
Hey, boy you know I'm your type, 5'2 and wear my jeans real tight
My curves, they swerve, so superb, my word is my word and I came to serve

Chorus: We run this, we run this, we run this, ugh! ugh! oh!
It don't matter where you from, it's where you at and if you came to freak-a-leak better bring your hat snicka!
East coast, west coast, down south, represent your coast
Yeah we run it, yeah we run it, y'all don't want it cuz my coast run it
Oh! We run this shit, we run this shit!

Wanna pull my hair, break my back?
Put it right money might sit in your lap back to back I can't even keep track
It's a fact the freaks love to get slapped
Suck my toes and in the back rub
I don't come to do it, I just wanna be touched
Look at how y'all makin me blush, some enough to go around so groupie don't push
Wanna run that tush in the bush
Don't my diamonds look real good? and they shine so hard that he glittas, so many karots they look like crittas
And we can do it all night, take a flashlight to see up in my windpipe. I like to keep a nigga hype
I wanna know can you handle my mic

(Chorus)
Any hustla's in the party y'all? Hell ya!
If you's a pimp let me see ya party on, Hell ya!
Oh, strippas take yo clothes off, Hell ya!
Y'all superstars y'all don't need no bodyguards, Hell ya!

Nigga I bow guard, alotta rappers fake way to hard
Pull up to the club in a rental car
Where the freaks at, freaks at da bar where da hard drinks are
Don't start! If you don't want beef don't take it that far, wit a superstar
I got my foot on the clutch, see me bounce my butt, misdemeanor too much and I don't give a fuck!

We run this, we run this, we run this. ugh! ugh! oh!
It don't matter where you from, it's where you at and if you came to freak-a-leak better bring your hat snicka!
We run this, we run this, we run this. ugh! ugh! oh!
Represent your coast and act like ya know, know how to act fore' you step your two feet in the door!