Woooo Oh
Woooo Oh
Woooo Oh Oh Ohhhhhh

[Missy]
Um, is anybody there (huh)
Nobody like that ain't around me (mmm) (yeah)
Such a crazy thing u realize on is.. (money) (no)
Cashing my own times to feel good opening my eyes to see (good stuff)

[Verse]
Yo I've Been Thinking (wow) I don't know how this is
For instance I've Got To Know When (U Can Be Out of H'EEL)
Beat, Catch The Ball'ers So U Can (The Darkers)
Anytimes Falling Down Can Be Another Day (So right about that)
One, Two, Three Wild Moments Are Single Great Beautiful And What? (frawo love)

Ya ya thats wats up (yo) uh uh ya thats good say what? mmmhmmm lets bring it

[Chrous]
Quarter Back Side (Na Fie Do It Right Heh) Say what say what
Some Days You Feel Odd (Carrying Yourself Backwards) say what say what uh huh
Yo you feel me (ya I do just like that)

Its been to long since we haven't seen each other (ya huh)
Now I could be the one that you know (say what say what) yo hmmm

Go Ahead Missy LOVE TIME

[Rap: Missy]
Shake It In Your Tongue (Wild Days)
Shake It In Your Heart (Fall Days)
Money Ain't Worth What You Have (what now?)
Nothing About Giving Yourself Attacks (check it yo)
Even Lows Have Being Going Hard (ya) say what say what
I've Known You Since The Day We Ment (oooo) ya ya yo thats wats up
Say What Now? (wild) (moments) you got to be so frownie so odd so crazy so awesome
And not just that you are (GOOD AND LA LA ALA ALA LA FEEL) ya hahahaha wats up say what

Hit It Yo

Ooooo...
Ooooo...
Say What Say What
Ooooo...
Yo Yo Yo

[Chrous]
Quarter Back Side (Na Fie Do It Right Heh) Say what say what
Some Days You Feel Odd (Carrying Yourself Backwards) say what say what uh huh
Yo you feel me (ya I do just like that)

Its been to long since we haven't seen each other (ya huh)
Now I could be the one that you know (say what say what) yo hmmm

[Outro: Talk]

Say what say what hmm (wild (crazy) (moments) of your love and life
Check it now and mean it now (ya) (crazy) (momma's boy) hmmm ha ya yo
Wild moments of your life and love (adiele male son child give it now to yourself)
Yo peace out! (yo missy) that was good (ya it was boy you know how it is take it there)

I'll take you there (ha)
I use to listen to that song (uh huh) and u know what its been a long distance
Hahahaha.. (i gotcha u) thanks ya (ya anytime friend all good) but momma said (lets make it as a story)
Thats cool thats awesome and thats nice its call (wild days and moments of your heart, soul, and mind)
Ok thats wats up

Check it now say what say what? (what!) ha