[Intro: Bryan Hamilton & Tee Grizzley]
Yeah yeah
(B-Ryan, what up, bro?)
Oh yeah (Ah)
(Helluva made this beat, baby)
Talk to 'em

[Chorus: Bryan Hamilton & Tee Grizzley]
I (What you been doin', nigga?)
I been hustlin' (For what?)
I'm just tryna find my way out (Gotta get up out this bitch, cuz)
Because I-I, can't stay off of them streets (I feel stuck, my nigga)
And no one's doin' nothin' for me (Niggas ain't did shit for me)
So what to do, when everything goes wrong? (What I'm 'posed to do, nigga?)
Know until I get this money, I can't go home (Nah, nah, four four)
I (What you been doin', nigga?)
I been hustlin' (For what though?)
I'm just tryna find my way out (We gotta get up out this bitch, bro)
Because I-I, can't stay off of them streets (I feel stuck, my nigga)
And no one's doin' nothin' for me (Niggas ain't did shit for me, nigga)

[Verse: Tee Grizzley]
Ayy, in the freezing cold with these glass tubes (What else?)
Thankin' God for this L wool (Ah)
Winter time, ceiling gone, chinchilla on
Nigga I remember when the hoodie was my winter coat (That's a fact)
Letter from my mama, told me leave them streets alone (What?)
She would tell DTE to leave the heat alone (I can't)
Livin' backwards 'cause I'm tryna keep heat in my home
But the streets cold so I could never leave the heat at home (Bah)
Pops said these streets don't love you
These streets gon' judge you, they'll eat you alive, my nigga (They'll trick you)
So when I got locked up (Huh?), and I ain't hear from you (Huh?)
Don't trip, I wasn't even surprised, my nigga (Man you don't fuck with me)
If you get killed, these streets won't miss you (Huh?)
These streets'll forget you, they'll eat you alive, my nigga (Don't let 'em trick you, bruh)
So when Pops got killed (Yeah), and you ain't hit the funeral (Yeah)
You know I wasn't even surprised, my nigga (You don't fuck with us)
Cuz tryna get that time back, them bitches overdid it (They did too much)
When we catch the nigga that ratted, we gon' overkill him (He finished)
From overlooked to overbook, niggas thought I was finished (Haha)
Can't handle that bag, don't take it, my nigga, know your limits (Know your limits)
Before you jump into some shit, you gotta know what's in it
You gon' get money, but you gotta assess what you riskin' (You understand)
If you get it all off, you gon' make a million
If you get caught, you gon' get out of prison when you 60 (Ready for that, boy?)
So ask yourself what you gon' do (What you gon' do?)
Don't wanna get a job, you think you too cool (That's what you think?)
But them niggas with the jobs (They the real GOAT's)
Is the ones who get to raise they kids, watch 'em graduate from school (Ah)
My people see me with them M's, livin' good
To us, that's like seein' a mansion in the hood (Swear)
It's niggas that I love but I had to shake
Save everybody, bro I wish I could, but I can't, nigga

[Chorus: Bryan Hamilton]
I (I), I was hustlin' (Hustlin')
I done finally found my way out (Finally found my way out)
Because I could not stay off of them streets (No)
I didn't expect no one to go and do some shit for me (Yeah)
I didn't know what to do and everything went numb
But I knew until I got that money, I couldn't go home, yeah

[Outro: Bryan Hamilton]
I (I), I been hustlin' (yeah)
I'm just tryna find my way out (Tryna find my way out)
Because I-I, can't stay off of them streets (No)
And no one's, doin' nothin' for me