[Intro]
Bro, did you see that capa chick, Heather tonight?
Yeah dude I think I wanna smash, she was all over me
She totally wants it, I mean how could she not?
I basically have an 8 pack
But I don’t know I’m pretty sure she’s hooked up with that D-bag, Miles, last weekend
And I heard he has like crabs or something but then again she’s DTF
So whatever man, don’t judge me
Just grab some field, play ball
I just want a shot, I didn’t clear my mind
Maybe play some VP or flip cup, girls like that shit
Wait, dude, isn’t that Heather right there, taking a selfie with Flo Rida?
Dude, photobomb!

[Verse 1: JG Trigga]
Photobomb bitches Instagrams
I wanna be a fool, just pint of gram
Remedy in my head
Clear me, dear me, get out of my head
Couple shots in the building right here
Tonight taking selfies right here
End of my rear, go kiss it right there
I’m living it tonight, get off of my hair
I don’t give a damn bout your opinion
Wanna get all of my people singing
Ace it high, all the bitches looking basic
IPhone, Android tell them where’s the place is
Cooking them pans, pink salmon
Don’t need to rent a car, got that Alamo
Warner Brothers, warn a brother, they calling you
Better hide your bread, they after you

[Interlude]
Dude, last night was so epic, true story
I put a Viagra in Kevin’s beer and he got a raging boner
And then Amber walk up to him and couldn’t stop laughing
It was literally the greatest moment in my life
You missed it dude, it was pure magic
I thing he went home and cry that night? What a pussy
I bet his mom should wipe his ass, he’s such a tool
Wherever man, I’m over it, let’s go text him
I just wanna get wasted, and me need get into puum
Wow, look at that milf over there, taking a selfie
Wait.. isn’t that your mom?
Hahah! Photobomb!

[Verse 2: Flo Rida]
Take a picture with the snap for the night shut
Bright make it bump, make it drop
Till I made this with the sock in a spot, but they tell them don’t stop
Put the miles on the clock, don’t ever put a nigga on top of the guap
Hit me in the rock, coming out the block
You don’t wanna pop
Pop in a week but it’s pop in the lock
Gotta blow in trees, try to get up from no guap
Selfie, wealthy, healthy, help me, help you, help me stop with that Polaroid
Chelsea, Kelsey, Shelby, Melby, girl you always come from the Polaroid
Miss Flashy wanna patch me, from that part of the front to the back seat
Miss Freaky, Miss Nasty. You know she probably like 21st Jump Street