[Verse 1: Rick Ross]
Yeah I'm still on that '96
First time a nigga ever seen 90 bricks
Yeah them crackers gave Booby life
I got too much money now I'm living Booby life
Moving heavy weight it's funny that my uzi light
I'm getting money see a hundred on a Tuesday night
I fuck with Opa-Locka, I love my nigga Ned
One time for Fat Wayne, my niggas beat the feds
Fuck all these rap niggas, I'm on some other shit
Owe a million to the Cubans, IRS, and government
Yeah I showed love, but I was shitted on
So now I'm onto war, and you can get it homes
You want to know who I'm talking to?
If it's fuck me, pussy nigga fuck you
They hate the Maybach, they hate the B.M
In the last year I done blown 3 M's
I'm putting out 3 films
Blue Levi's breathing on them green Timbs
I love y'all, so nigga love me
You like my only son, so come and hug me
I'm where the thugs be, with all my jewels on
Go ahead and judge me, she want to touch me
She wants to call me, she wants to fuck me
Now should you blame her?
A nigga famous

[Verse 2: Brisco]
Let me think back to '98
When Ricky finally rose his right and swore before the state
They gave him life, I was just turning 16
A little G, four hundred thousand when I'm 18
Born on the side of town where them killers ride around
With two open cases, four pills, and a full pound
Chrome in his pants, and he standing like "Fuck you
I'm reppin' Opa-Locka, so don't make a nigga touch you"
We open traps with three workers and a LT
Sticks on deck in case these pussy niggas want beef
It's the white house, nigga shoot the lights out
Stop the whole game when them niggas pull them dice out
I'm fat, happy, two shade, black Willy D
I'm teary eyed I swear to God and a nigga itchy
Triple C, black flag, what the lick read?
I'm a dat boy, who want ?

[Hook: Rick Ross]
I'm in the White House
I'm in the White House
I call the shots, I could get your ass wiped out
We in the White House
We in the White House
Big Phantom on the lawn getting wiped down

[Verse 3: Flo Rida & Young Breed]
HEEEEYYY!
I'm in the White House, Dick Cheney my watch out
No Condoleezza Rice it's clean pots and pans now
I bleach the floors, I get clean just like Ochoa
Or Mickey Munday them bricks white as Al Gore
If I don't fuck with cookies nigga why am I the Keebler man?
They don't want that triple beam scale or that beaker sand
Them birds lookin' like my Air Force 1's
They all get checked I don't care if it's a ton
(Flo you've been off them)
So don't let your boy toss them
In the Everglades, nigga the certified Dade
Bobby Brown baby, in the motherfucking Mayb
Like little Nicky Scarfo with a Colombian named Papo
We'll send a thousand of 'em
You send a thousand more
That's seven stacks a piece to lock down the whole east
And nigga that ain't eating that's a motherfucking feast
Them Poe Boy stacks, hey Ross where we at?

[Hook: Rick Ross]
I'm in the White House
I'm in the White House
I call the shots, I could get your ass wiped out
We in the White House
We in the White House
Big Phantom on the lawn getting wiped down
I'm in the White House
I'm in the White House
I call the shots, I could get your ass wiped out
We in the White House
We in the White House
Big Phantom on the lawn getting wiped down

[Verse 4: Gunplay]
I'm a thousand DB's
I'm 'bout violence no peace
My yacht was a thousand degrees
Drop 'em, fuck copping them pleas
The robbers be robbing with me, they riding with me
In Caddy DeVilles, we tatted the grill
Busted out my product in the dollar trynna get more
Limo DB's hide the murder, in the wind I'm burning indo
Mansion signing party Ren Rover should have been there
Boosie too, Thirty Right
Damn! I'm losing all my niggas
Triple C records and reels, Trilla on deck
Black flag next
Gunplay, Killswitch
Bitch it's over what's over
Cut the check, you feel the full effect
I finally realized how many niggas full of shit
So many murders turned the White House burgundy
Triple secret service whiffing bourbons on purple weed
Addicted to diamonds and hood bitches with purple weaves
Cocaine, Hennessey, Gunplay out the candle free!

[Verse 5: Torch]
Ain't no plan B's with no degree
I'm hand-to-hand on these streets
Zone ? move it by the O, man-to-man D
Torch call me T.O., relocate with them kilos
Ceelo with them burners early
4-5-6 shit cause he sold
That rock, cooking non-stop
Pots never chill
? same block, better deals than them other niggas
Connects with southern niggas getting bulk
Bruce Banner wrapped in that saran bitch I'm shipping Hulk
Soon as they smoke it, they shaking like we're Hogan man
When they bring they mama TV through you know it's that DISH!
Triple C's set up shop on any ave
Disrespect and get your head shot, all you see's the flag!
?
All I see is more cash, your ass in the way
Bitch my name global, same soldier, bi-coastal
Went from dealing weight local to real estate mogul
Motherfucker who YOU?