*Car speeds off*

Last man standin', I'm shot
But I can't fear bleedin'
My nigga's face down, stretched out, no longer breathin'
I'm speedin', I'm beaten, swervin' in the G and
Red and blue lights and squad cars is all I'm seein'
I told you motherfuckers "No moves, no altercations"
Now it's half a tank a gas and a hostage situation
I'm facin', 25, with the 'L' so I'm stompin'
I can't shake One-Time bitch, I swear I'm dumpin'
Helicopters trailin' my ass, no surrender
Only thing I'm givin' up is hollow points and middle fingers (Fuck y'all!)
Whoever set this shit the fuck up, done got us fucked up
Runnin' outta time, and shit outta luck
Take that! *Gunshots*
I ain't goin' down mothafucka'
Take this *Gunshots*
My car roof could suck my dick!
I'm on a high-speed chase, with two money bags, *Woman screams* and a screamin' ass bitch
It's all bad!
It's all bad!


"Possible 211 suspect driving southbound on the 215 driving an '84
Cutlass Supreme. Believed to be armed. Please proceed with caution. repeat, proceed with caution"
It's all bad!
"Everyone proceed with caution, suspect is believed to be a black male carrying female hostage. We got a runner fellas."
It's all bad!


They tryna cut me off against the gutta' lane
Tryna run these motherfuckers to the border man
Side-swiped the mothafuckin' El Camino
Tryna get my black ass up outta San Bernadino
I catch the 215, to the 405
I'm catchin' hell tryna make it to the four firing line
They cut me off again I got to go the weather way
Channel five in the sky we'll take *Helicopter sounds* 'em through L.A
*Woman screams*
Quit screamin' bitch (Shut the fuck up!)
Ho' you slowin' me down, they ain't thinkin' 'bout yo' ass shut the fuck up now!
The bitch didn't budge, so I shot her, "Bla! Bla!" *Gunshots* (Stupid! fuck, take a look at you now!)
I kicked the door open *Door opens*, threw her body on the freeway
Continued the chase, wiped the blood *Door closes* off my face
Lookin' for an exit as soon as I reloads my mag' *Reloads mag*
*Car horns throughout*
Stuck in heavy traffic
Nigga, It's all bad!

*Car horns and helicopter sounds*
*Garbled static*
"Suspect has just thrown female hostage on the side of
The 605 freeway. We now have him in heavy traffic on the 105 heading westbound."
It's all bad!
"Looks like he's trying pulling 1-8 10 and Central. He might try and
Make a run for it. Don't let him get away. Take this fucker."
It's all bad!

Now it's time for me to make my getaway!
Fuck a hostage, I'm doin' this the nigga way!
I jumped out the car, and started squeezin' the trigga'
*gunshots* (Bla! bla! bla! bla!)
And duckin' at 'em, I'm bustin' at 'em, laughin' at 'em, tryna splat 'em, cussin at 'em, like a true fuckin' G is supposed to
I'm bustin' at the helicopter as I get closa'
Trynna shake 'em off my tail
I make my way to the side of the freeway
Now I'm climbin' over the guard rail
I'm a felon, I can't take no shorts
I'm runnin' down Imperial past Imperial Courts
Stop to catch my breath 'til I heard the dogs barkin'
Now a nigga's runnin' past the Nickerson Gardens
I hear the helicopter closin' in, yellin' "freeze"
But I'm yellin' back "fuck you!", hittin' 'em up with C's (Fuck yaa'll!)
A beautiful day for dyin', nigga I'm hearin' sirens
On sight, no warning shots that these coward's 'll be firin'
I made my way to Avalon
Peepin' any, get in the corner
I gots to think quick, or I'm a goner
Saw this nigga slippin' in a '98 Ac-Right
*Gun cocks, followed by a gunshot* (Get the fuck out!)
Left him bleedin' at the light!
Now it's back on, the money bag full of riches
Fuck One-Time, that get in my way, I'm killin' these bitches
I'm doin' 85 loc, these fools can't touch me
Came across Western, hit the back at Kentucky
Fishtailin', mashin' on my brakes I had to stop
Awww fuck! Ain't this a bitch? A road block!


"Get out the car now I say, keep your hands up!
Get out the car now or I'm forced to shoot!" *Gun cocks*
Fuck that
"He's movin'!! He's movin'!"

*Car speeds off*

*Gunshots*

"Cease fire! Cease fire dammit!"

It's all bad!
Dead on arrival!
Nigga, It's all bad!
Dead on arrival!
It's all bad!
It's all bad!
Nigga we all, dead on arrival!

*Helicopter flies by*