[Intro]
Ca$h Clay...
She wouldn't wanna turn her back on this, Ahah...
Rare Sound

[Hook]
With racks like this, she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this
I'm back on this, right now I just feel like fuck that bitch (You think you deserve it)
But with racks like this, she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Yo !)
I'm back on this, you ain't got no flavor back up bitch

[Verse 1 : K Camp]
Bitch stop playin You think you deserve a second chance (you think you deserve it)
Yeah, bands on bands (Racks!)
Bitch I got more money than your man (Imma flex on purpose)
(Ah !) I know ya nigga ain't talking bout shit
(Ah !) I know his bank ain't talking bout shit
(Ah !) I know his whip ain't talking bout shit
I know his crib ain't talking bout shit
I know his team ain't talking bout shit
Brand new beam with a few more clips
20 racks on me, might hit Phipps

[Hook]
But what With racks like this (Let's go), she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Ahah ! Whoo whoo !)
I'm back on this, right now I just feel like fuck that bitch (I think she deserves it)
But with racks like this (Racks !), she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Yo! Let's go, let's go)
I'm back on this (Ah ! Ah !), you ain't got no flavor back up bitch

[Verse 2 : MoneyBagg Yo]
I’m back in this bitch I’m scrapped (strapped) in this bitch (I’m scrapped this bitch)
Diamonds like reverse like back-up bitch (back-back up bitch)
I used to post up at the store now i’m batman rich (now i’m batman rich)
Boy i thought you was ona sum’n (but) I had that bitch (you way too late)
With racks like this she can't even lie (lie)
Not an illusion it’s right in her eye (eye)
You eat big steaks don’t fuck with small fries (fries)
Got the game locked down like hogties (ties)
She never tell MoneyBag No (No)
She wanna be MoneyBag Ho (Ho)
Let her last nigga flip her taxes and brought that money back slow (thats fucked up)
By the way i’m never goin’ back broke

[Hook]
With racks like this (Rare Sound), she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Don't think you deserve it)
I'm back on this, right now I just feel like fuck that bitch (I think she deserves it)
But with racks like this (Racks !), she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Yo ! Let's go, let's go)
I'm back on this (Ah ! Ah !), you ain't got no flavor back up bitch

[Outro]
Rare Sound