[Intro]
Ca$h Clay...
She wouldn't wanna turn her back on this, Ahah...
Rare Sound

[Hook]
With racks like this, she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Ahah !)
I'm back on this, right now I just feel like fuck that bitch (You think you deserve it)
But with racks like this, she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Yo !)
I'm back on this, you ain't got no flavor back up bitch

[Verse 1]
Bitch stop playin
You think you deserve a second chance (you think you deserve it)
Yeah, bands on bands (Racks!)
Bitch I got more money than your man (Imma flex on purpose)
(Ah !) I know ya nigga ain't talking bout shit
(Ah !) I know his bank ain't talking bout shit
(Ah !) I know his whip ain't talking bout shit
I know his crib ain't talking bout shit
I know his team ain't talking bout shit
Brand new beam with a few more clips
20 racks on me, might hit Phipps

[Hook]
But what
With racks like this (Let's go), she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Ahah ! Whoo whoo !)
I'm back on this, right now I just feel like fuck that bitch (I think she deserves it)
But with racks like this (Racks !), she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Yo! Let's go, let's go)
I'm back on this (Ah ! Ah !), you ain't got no flavor back up bitch

[Verse 2]
Yo!
Racks on me no wallet, please catch her she fallin
Drop top whip just crawlin
Drop top whip just flexin
Fucked her one time at the Westin (one time)
Fucked her one time in the suite (one time)
Bitch gotta know it ain't sweet
Been countin up all week (all week)
Stacked up the racks real neat (Ten racks)
Threw ten racks on a freak (Ten racks)
Ten racks get ya ass sweeped (Ten racks)
Look at these diamonds they shine, look at my bitch she fine
Can't go out sad about a hoe (Oh no)
When I know the bitch ain't mine

[Hook]
With racks like this (Rare Sound), she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Don't think you deserve it)
I'm back on this, right now I just feel like fuck that bitch (I think she deserves it)
But with racks like this (Racks !), she wouldn't wanna turn her back on this (Yo ! Let's go, let's go)
I'm back on this (Ah ! Ah !), you ain't got no flavor back up bitch

[Outro]
Rare Sound