[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Work man, work! Fuck you wanna be on the streets talkin' about what you do for, and you ain’t doin' it. Fuck you wanna be in the club looking like you do somethin' for, an you don’t really do it. Fuck you wanna stand next to a nigga like me that really do it, and you don’t do it. The fuck from about me. Feel me? I could have a beautiful bitch next to me!

[Hook]
I got hoes, I got stripes
I've done dealt with most these haters all my life
I love money, but who don't?
Fuck they sayin'? I'll do anything I want
Think I won't? Think I won't!?
Think I won't!? Think I won't!?
I got money, I got stripes
I've been hustlin' every day of my life

[Verse 1]
No money, fuck that, break it down, earn a sack
Any means, say cheese, heard they snitchin', that's a rat
Lame niggas, where the sack? Please follow, fuck, back
Just fuckin' up the game, that's a mothafuckin' fact
Took a loss, bounced back, turned a dollar to some racks
Outsiders get taxed, leave them bitches where they're at
Hitters comin' from the front, hitters comin' from the back
I'm just comin' for a sack, I don't know how to act
Walk right in my closet
Hundreds in my boot
She say I'm the coldest
Bitch I thought you knew

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
How you doin'? Bitch I'm fine, take my time, hella signs
Had to shine, from the grind, I'm like Dion in his prime
If she's fine then she's mine, bitch I do this all the time
If my nigga do the crime, I see nothin', bitch I'm blind

[Hook]

[Outro]

Dude: Ain't that Camp though? I think that is
D: Ay Camp, ay, shit man waddup waddup Camp, how you doin bruh?
Camp: What's happenin fool?
D: Coolin' Ay you know I been fuckin' with yo shit for like the longest bruh, "Money baby, money baby, money-"
C: Word, word, Appreciate it my nigga
D: Ay shit, you know all night, all night, but, ay mane look, Shit you know I don't really have nothin', but I been workin' in these streets mane i'm tryna see how much you charge for a feature, but i don't really have shit you know what i'm sayin', but if you give me this opportunity i promise bruh-
C: Ah, you know opportunity only knock once my boy
D: - but if you give me this opportunity bruh I swear, your voice on this beat mane, we gon' push it, we gon' put everything we got behind this bruh, we don't have much but we gon do it
C: Shit, this what i'ma do for you bro. I got this number you can call
D: Your number right?
C: Shit, close to it
(Laughter)
D: This nigga a fool
C: You can have to call Shep my nigga
D: Who?
C: His name Shep mane, J Shep
D: J Shep
C: The number i got down .... 404-452-1563
D: Aight so i need to tell him I know you?
C: Yeah, yeah hit him ASAP, hit em ASAP
D: Aight good lookin out
C: Aight my nigga
D: Aight hold it down

(phone rings)
Shep: Hello?
D: What up. Shep what's good mane, what up mane
S: What it do?
D: Ay, Camp gave me yo number dawg, he told me he was a big fan of my shit, he fuck with my shit, so i was tryna see how much it is for a feature, bruh, cuz i've been fuckin' with bruh for a minute, cause i don't have much but i've been grindin' in these streets bro, and i see the slum movement, i'm tryna be a slum too, so lemme know what i gotta do, whatever it is mane, to get em on a feature, how much is he bro?
S: Ay mane, that money talks