[Intro: Sy Ari Da Kid]
Yeah yeah, yeah
It's the remix, it's the remix
It's the remix, it's the remix, yeah

[Chorus: Sy Ari Da Kid]
It's my vice and I can do what I want to, ayy
I can do what I want to
This my life and I can do what I want to, yeah yeah
I make times for the things I like, I like, yeah, yeah
Baby we can do this all night, all night, skrrt, yeah, yeah yeah
Yeah, you only live once, live life, live life, ayy, ayy (it's the remix)
How can something so wrong feel right? is that right? yeah
It's my vices, my vice, yeah

[Verse 1: Sy Ari Da Kid]
I got things that I do sometimes
They take away from my stress
I know damn well she don't like when
I ignore calls and I text
Yes, I flex
Yeah, yes, I flex
I think I look better than everybody I met, yeah
Tello Baba hit me, heard he wanna fly jets
Stephen Curry, only nigga with the side step
She like to drink, she like to smoke
I like to fuck, I like taking niggas' hoes, yeah
This all I know, yeah
I'm with my woes, yeah, this for my bros, yeah, yeah

[Chorus: Sy Ari Da Kid]
It's my vice and I can do what I want to, ayy
I can do what I want to
This my life and I can do what I want to, yeah yeah
I make times for the things I like, I like, yeah, yeah
Baby we can do this all night, all night, skrrt, yeah, yeah yeah
Yeah, you only live once, live life, live life, ayy, ayy (it's the remix)
How can something so wrong feel right? is that right? yeah
It's my vices, my vice, yeah

[Verse 2: Derez De'Shon]
Remember my life, yeah
Section 8 apartment, two bedroom with no lights
Hot pocket for dinner yeah, but we was alright
I had to go get it, long days and long nights
I remember waking up wondering how it feel
To wake up and not worry 'bout the bills
Now I wake up like look at how I live
Pour OJ in my champagne, pop a pill, ill
This my life and I get high if I want to
No lie girl, I want to, try one if you want to
Wanna fuck but don't want to, make love if you want to
For one night only, when you wake up I'll be gone

[Verse 3: K Camp]
Ayy, I do what I want to
You say you the one, I guess I'm the one too
I just bought a Benz and she say she want one too (skrrt)
Airport only place where I don't bring my gun through
Yup, roll another blunt fool
Fumbled all your packs, now who the hell gon' front you?
We just came to eat, we might just take your lunch too
Shawty got an ass and she can make it jump too
That's your ho and she can fuck if she want to
These niggas be capping, that's the money she loaned you
Too many hoes, I lost count
Bust it down, don't you pull up unannounced

[Chorus: Sy Ari Da Kid]
I make times for the things I like, I like, yeah, yeah
Baby, we can do this all night, all night, skrrt, yeah, yeah yeah
And you only live once, live life, live,  ayy, ayy, (it's the remix)
How can something so wrong feel right? is that right? yeah
It's my vices, my vice

[Outro]
When you break up with whoever, man I don't give a fuck what you think she is to you. You can't control who she go out and give her pussy away to. And nine out of ten times it probably been goin' on while you was with the bitch. Man nigga you better take that money man, invest in yourself, stay fly and stay fit, fuck a bitch. And as soon as niggas learn that, they'll stop gettin' they feelings hurt over shit they can't control