[Intro]
Don't ask me why I'm doing everybody beat me because I want to
You welcome. (Slum!)
I'm on my Lil Wayne shit
Haaaaaa

[Verse 1: K Camp]
Where ya ass was out when I was rapping in the closet?
Fucked her on the futon, did that shit often
Where ya ass was out when I couldn't even get a hunned?
Now I do a show I'm coming home by the hunned
Tricky with the (rick kick shit) [?] Jackie Chan
Rush hour money Chris Tucker for the Bands
Where ya ass was out when we were pushing out the demo?
Buying fake J's, getting grilles from the metro
Bitch too fine to be sleeping on a mattress
Ever since I made it I been dealing with the madness
Where ya ass was at when we was wildin in the streets?
Young niggas all on top the green without the cleats
Ay! Where ya ass was at when we was sleeping on the floor?
We were smoking mid, upgraded to the dro
Back in '09 we were still bumping Dro
Ex bitch want me, had to tell her let it go
Ay! Where ya ass was at when we was all in the bend?
R.I.P. Paul you know Im witcha till the end
R.I.P. Teddy, GNC, Lil Jeff
Lost some real niggas, all the fakes ones left
Hey! Where ya ass was at when I was licking on your daughter?
Brought her to the basement, fucked her once and never called her (Blrp)
Where ya ass was at when we was bumping Baby D?
East side, west side, but the North is where I be
Ay! Where ya ass was at when niggas didn't have the funds?
Now I'm smoking big blunts fucking up my lungs
Where ya ass was at when it was just the dollar menu?
Now my bank account is healthy
Hold on, let the boy continue
Where ya ass was at when niggas shot at us and dipped?
Now you see the reason why the heater on my hip (bang!)
Where ya ass was at when little shawty took the moly?
Almost fucked up my career had to kick her out the party
Where ya ass was at when we was campaigning strong?
North side mariachi tried to put a nigga on (Yeah)
Where ya ass was at ain't have a dollar to my name?
Still catch a nigga flexing at the fucking red train
Where were you?
When we were screaming C-A-M-P
Running round the city
Fucking bitches, by the three
Drinking out the bottles, figured hey, me and I.G
And that's still my brother, we gonna get it, you gonna see
Where ya ass was at when we were hooking [?]
Knocked the nigga out, I took his ass off the roster
Where ya ass was at when they were sleeping on me heavy?
Nigga I been plotting for a while now Im ready
Can't no nigga out here block my shine
I'ma get it, that's forever, I'm forever working mine
Sixty for a walk through, bitch don't panic
Hit a bitch with that Esco, I'ma do damage
Searching for the cheese, I'ma take that whole sandwich
Im a wild ass nigga that a bitch can't manage
Hoe I'm K Camp do it bigger than a planet
I be singing, I be rapping, use it all to my advantage bitch!

[Outro]
Woo! Slum
You welcome. Haha