[Intro]
RARE Sound
What make you different?
Haha (This so hard)

[Verse 1]
What make you different? (Yeah), do you listen?
Is you one to keep it solid? Is you snitchin'? (Is you snitchin'?)
Is you thorough? Is you bitchin'?
Ayy, don't front, are you impressed by what I'm kickin'? (Yeah)
Yeah, what's your style? How you comin'? Is you drippin'? (Yeah)
Too many hoes in the water I'm fishin' (Yeah)
My wrist on snow, is it Christmas? (Ice)
My bitch on go, that's the missus (That's the missus)
My foreign (Oh), on skates (oh), don't miss it (Oh)
I'm kickin' this flavor real different (Yeah)
Don't think I'm from this dimension (Space)
Shawty want an X-X-extension (Haha)
This year I'm ballin' like the Sixers (Like the Sixers)
Young nigga above the rim, Ben Simmons (25)
Yellow diamonds, my wrist is a Simpson (Gold head)
Tryna fall for these hoes, you trippin' (You trippin', let's go)
(Tryna fall for these hoes, you trippin', let's go)
(Ayy, don't front, are you impressed by what I'm kickin'?)

[Interlude]
Yeah
It's time for that
Hmm

[Verse 2]
Only thing that I see is the top (Is the top)
Since a youngin, all I wanted was the guap (It don't stop)
What that is on your side? That's a Glock (That's a Glock)
If that nigga on his shit, give him props (Show him love)
Why lil' shawty keep on playin' with that box? (With that box)
Treat this shit like my dreads, it's on lock (It's on lock)
Man I think I should turn it up a notch (Turn it up)
Can a nigga put this dick in your crotch? (Girl, what's up?)
When my niggas switched on me I was shocked (I was shocked)
The shit I'm feelin', I been feelin' this a lot (This a lot)
How the hell you spend 'bout sixty on a watch? (I don't care)
How the hell you spend 'bout sixty on a thot? (Oh well, haha)
I got knots (I got knots)
I'm on go, I can see who tryna plot (Tryna plot)
Haha, up the stocks (Up, up)
Shawty said that I'm slicker than a fox (Than a fox)
Yeah, geek a lot (Geek a lot)
I just pray you keep it trill, is you my rock? (Is you my rock?)
It don't stop
In the hills but we came from the block (From the block)

[Outro]
Haha, we just give these niggas vibes, man
Hah, hope you don't drown in this shit
And they tried to doubt me
If it ain't 'bout money, keep that shit from 'round me
You keep it 1K, I'll treat you just like family
You say you been searchin', well look up, you found me