[Verse 1]
Looking out across the crowd, see painted faces all around me
Moving to that shit I'm saying, bouncin to that bass that's pounding
Y'all know my lyrics, spit that shit just like a fuckin wrote it
Never can deny a Juggalo’s the one that's most devoted
I see y'all on the streets and repping for the common scrub
Hatchetman on window tinted, repping for that family love
Up in the mall wit my kids and y'all don't know it’s Dox
Till you see the chain, a tat, a shirt and stop to show the prop
Walk into the Conoco, grab some shit before the show
Parking lot of "Hatchet Rise" I see that line of Juggalo
It's world renown, the Faygo flies and screams of Family
I love y'all muthafuckas, y'all the one's that set my soul free!

[Hook]
You can't hate us cause
We don't give a fuck!
Bump that wicked sound!
Rock a fuckin hatchet and we represent the underground!
[2x]

[Verse 2]
I see some shit don't change, haters born seem every minute
They see the paint, the clothes and loathes and they don't fuckin get it
I see the news and read reviews and start to load the Glock
Snitches talking shit, they got me loading quarter synthesizers
I know the way it is and knowing that I freaking feel ya
Born to murder masses, kill they asses fuckin way familiar
But they won't break us fuck the world just like the clowns said
Rep the hatchet, psychopathic till my body's found dead
We got the shows and music shit that they can't take away
We run the underground so fuck 'em, what they got to say?
Just throw your middles up and let the hoes know where they stand
This shit ain't 'bout no money bitch, this shit is more than just a brand!

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
The ones that know it, feel it, keep it and they won't forget it
This thing ain't dyin, it ain't fading cause they just won't let it
Y'all take the punches to the haters, I know what ya feeling
I was there not long ago I know the shit in which your dealing
But fuck, we Juggalos, so they can all just go to hell!
We got the pride and love, we scrubs, so fuck 'em go to hell!
Just keep them hatchets swinging, screaming, always keep it wicked
Keep one in the chamber for them fuckin hating sons o' bitches!

[Hook]

[Outro]
Rock a fuckin hatchet and we represent the underground!