[Verse 1]
Sittin' in my cell, this brick and bar hell
Dreamin' of the days of murder and locked in cartel
Drive bys, date rapes and weight like bar bells
I slit my girls throat dumped in McCart's well
Oh well, it's what i thought at the time
Cause in my own mind, it didn't like a crime
It seemed to be fine, all it was, was good times
Shoot a bitch, snort a line at the drop of a dime
Matter of fact the local mob was my first job
It's kinda easy when you killin' to rob
At least I wasn't sittin' home being a slob
I got up off my ass started climbin' to the top
They callin' me a demon and I'm asking how can I be
I know I got a heart, just lack of humanity
But now my sanity is something I ain't seen in a while
Sittin' on death row, this is my green mile

[Hook]
Locked up ain't where I wanna be
Confined in my mind is like a prison to me
Since birth had nothin' to choose
I'm on the run with a gun with nothin' to lose
[2x]

[Verse 2]
Childhood is the blame, poverty stricken
Acid defacs in the mix and watch the plot thicken
I was sick of being poor, sick of just living
Sick of depression and that trailor park prison
That mama had me struckin' and where was my dad
I think that he forgot about the son that he had
So the chances of survival were none to slim
And mama keeps saying I remind her of him
So if I'm just like my dad then I'm going to be broke
Pulled a kick door, stabed my neighbour in the throat
I set off on my journey to see what I could find
I watched scarface and knew the world was mine
As far back as I recall I was fearless
But now my death is near and it's clear that I fear this
I know that satan is waitin'
And I ain't found heaven
So I put my salvation in this chrome Mac 11

[Hook]
[2x]

[Verse 3]
It's about that time, I hear 'em comin down the line
My cell door slides and I'm hopin' that it will bind
I gotta make my move, it's the needle of death
About to shoot me in my veins till I take my last breath
Cold sweat breads bubble up, I can't stop shakin'
I gotta do something, keep thinkin', thinkin', thinkin'
I'm gonna die either way, nothing to lose
I look him dead in the eye then I make my move
I kicked the guard in the sternum, not a second to wait
The strenght from my adrenaline caved his chest plate
I hit the next guard in the face with my shackles
Paint the walls dark red with blood and bone spackle
Knocked the next off the C block balcony
I snatched a tazer gun, home free I'm about to be
Made a run for the door, I didin't look back
I got shot in the back of my head and...

(What the fuck!? Did you get him?
Back up! Check his pulse!
Is he dead?
Brandy, get over here, we need some help!
What happened?
Just move!
C'mon, alright, backup!
Shit! Son of a bitch!
He just... He just jumped up!)

[Hook]
[2x]