[Verse 1]
I said Lord, I need an award
I had no money, now I spend it when I’m bored
I came from the bottom, they say ‘damn, that nigga saw it’
I feel my haters’ pain every time that I record
They say I’m too much
I was down, guess I done moved up
Money make ‘em hate a nigga more than the Ku Klux
You dude’s chuck, get a couple dollars, then move ses
Them few bucks?—Wifey spent more on her new butt
They say a nigga changed now, ‘cause I’m gettin’ change now
And I stay in something foreign, I ain’t on the train now
I ain’t on the A, but I’m probably in the A
Or somewhere out in LA, mobbing with my nigga Dre
I do whatever I want, I mean whatever I say
[If you cool?] stay out my way, you’ll get hit by a stray
I’m young, wild, and so foul, fuck a ref
See this Tec ‘ll go ‘blahh-oww’, and take your breath
I’m so fresh and so clean, and yet a mess
My eyes red, my dope green, just like the Jets
See nigga, I blew money before it was blue money
You niggas is too funny, your re-up is shoe money

[Hook]
Living amongst vandals, we hooligan’ed up
[Never maneuver with no handle, I shoot in a clutch?]
[He ain’t with us?], fuck, he was doing too much
You ever smoke a blunt and feel like it’s just you and the Dutch
Against the world that we be in, locked with a key in?
Can’t escape the hate even in a drop BM
[Ride, this shit rising, I’m poppin’ your BM?]
No surprise, why you think they roll their eyes when they see him?

[Verse 2]
Still on that same shit I’ve been on
I’m trying to get rich, y’all still tryin’ to get on
The bench is what you sit on
I’m really in the game, y’all just niggas that I shit on
Homie, I’m a legend, when I die I’m ‘a live on
I came up when that other nigga had gave up
I flamed up, I’m on fire, now who could tame us?
Wrist like Mr. Freeze, neck like Mr. T’s
Uncle tried to kick knowledge, I said ‘Mister, please’
I don’t think these books gon’ get me a Lambo
So I’m ‘a write these raps and let all of these grams go
For the low, ‘cause I’m about to blow up
Then shit on these hatin’ ass niggas until they throw up
Man, every time I roll up, I’m fresh, looking like I just caught a Zoe
Nah, I’m just takin’ bands every fuckin’ show
(You heard that?)
No more running out of [TD?]
I’m running in your girl when she see me on the TV
Neck all blingy, Loius V beanie
Hoppin’ out the Six with the seats all creamy
Ask your little brother, bet the nigga wanna be me
I get whatever I want, it’s like I’ve got a genie

[Hook]