[Intro]
No need to talk your head off but um...
Raz Fresco! Toronto's Own! Don Cannon....
United States Own!
HaHaHa...BakersClub!
Let's Ride Out!

[Verse 1 : Raz Fresco]
Mind on my money, money on the check out desk, Yes
I'll be paying with cash miss, Raz quis, Alfred, Johnson, Stomping, Jordan 5! Olive!
Niggas and hoes watch us used to skip the kid, now they watch us like soap operas
At my locker like these niggas don't know what I'm bouta fuckin' do, run it George Double-U
Try to teach me yellow, red and blue but all i can see is green,brown and red
My beat files is dead my sneaks is dead stock
You can keep what's in your chest cause I just want the head bop, bop
Beatbox on it all day, all day all-day,
Till the mic low Raz got a nice flow
Spittin' Dr.Lizard serum liquid ice cold
Hoes be choosing precisely like the beam on sniper rifles
I'm at the top in my house clothes comfortable
But the flow hit the niggas like a cyclone
Kick game nuts like psychos never had a job but watch me blow 5 pay checks
On clothes money alone have them hoes like honey I'm home
They be lying though
Like Raz you the O-N-E said i got bars
Now she sayin' OH-HENRY!
Yo shit L-O-L my shit O-M-G i got them O & 3's
Rap go by the key
Got yo chick in the crib like a sit in and
I'm 'bouta cut like a ribbon how she keep it hidden? I don't know
Asking for my cell I said "I don't got a phone" cause I'm not tryna talk now you got to go home
Hit a couple vlogs, they ain't never write me back
LIked a couple girls they ain't never liked me back
But it's all good I ain't trippin' off that
I'm just riding to the top keeping real as i can
Blowing green out, blowing speakers out writing everyday
Tryna put my moms in a dream house. Break bread with my niggas that i came up with
Something slim, cute face on the side just.....CHILLIN'

[Verse 2]
Hop off that plane in the NY Station
My dad said he knew that i could make it
13 hour drive to Atlanta
All i wanted to be was a rapper
Hooked up with holiday stix and KD shit was crazy
Couldn't believe it when i met JD
Played him the CD he head nodding
I'm just speechless met exects the stars did major shit
Came home burger king applications shit
When niggas want what they can't have
So it make sense they didn't give a damn
When i was arms length away
Still the same dude they was looking like whatever
That's when i learned that you
That nigga when you closer to the cash
But just a nobody when you posted in the class with them
They only Raz missin, when Raz missin never chase hoes
Straight cash mission
Before they wanted Raz on the feature
Me and me dudes went hazz on the pizza
Nobody show me love they didn't pay attention
So that's why i gotta shout out the comission
Gettin money fuck yo 9 to 5 fuck the system
I be chillin on the grind any jordan 6's
Had a dream i had dough caked up
Didn't have to worry no mo'
All my niggas fed we ain't hungry no mo'
And all them fake hoes they ain't phony no mo'
Still the same dream of gettin a lil close
Got some more fans they feelin' a nigga flow
Got some more jays jumpman on the sole
I'm just tryna chill with my main chick on the low gettin the most