[Intro]
Ness on the beat
Yeah!
Don season!
I don't know who's who no more
Fake love, fake friends
(True story)
Bitches wanna be around a nigga
Wouldn't even speak, years back
Shit crazy man
(They see now!)

[Verse]
Don
Is it the love or the buzz that keep niggas around?
Take a dose of the drug just to simmer me down (just to simmer me down)
Quick to hold niggas up, slowly bringin' you down (yeah)
And you supposed to be my nigga 'til infinity, how? (how?)
Some niggas never sold drugs (nah)
Without the scam it's like certain niggas won't budge
They just get they hopes up
But I still show love, I never stunted on niggas (never stunted on niggas)
And I still play the buildings, get blunted with niggas
Behind my back like they ain't feed you, why you hung with them niggas? (faggots)
But jump right on my dick when I run into niggas
I know exactly how to humble you niggas, yeah
Yeah, I got a trick for any one of you niggas, I swear (I swear)
Pocket watchers lookin' at the bottle poppers
Run behind the diamond shoppers, niggas dyin', sick Italian
Box of rocks on my way to gym class, ten bags inside the locker
Try to join a school team, never made inside the roster
I went to court for my shooters, not on the court puttin' shots up
I played defense on the block, couldn't defend as a blocker
I was lost (I was lost), without a direction to go
Could've been breathless, through God's grace I perfected a flow
I started off less than a O, how I'm supposed to survive? (how I'm supposed to survive?)
Momma said, "The rent due," how I'm supposed to provide? (how I'm supposed to provide?)
Motions reply, tears fall from both of my eyes
This when they put that pressure on you, gotta go apply
Can't lower my pride, I filled out applications
Waited before a call back, they just had me waitin'
Thoughts marinated like, "Will I ever get out this hell hole?" Who the hell knows (huh?)
Nightmares hearin' my coffin drop or my cell close
We was outside since Ludacris was throwin' elbows (what else?)
Shell toes, PS2 and Grand Theft codes
New class think they street because they wearin' du-rags
Too bad, they couldn't clip my wings before I flew past (how ya day start?)
I woke up to 100 missed calls and another withdrawal
What should I quit for? I pour up and sip more (I sip more)
Then I drift off, Granny still in church prayin' on that Pick 4
It could be worse, I could still be on that sixth floor
Put in work, then the outcome you get what you wish for
This what I'm takin' risks for