Step inside of my office, about the size a new york apartment

Doctor Jarbo, not Jarvis, my mother’s name is doris

Got my Wu-Tang records on the wall but 3 degrees to dwarf it

Soundtrack is NPR had a crush on audie cornish

I do orthodontics, prosthodontics, endodontics and surgery

And today only, take 10% off cause its my anniversary


Am i a rapper? that’s a odd query, cause I am a rap listener

But i spend my days in my choice of trade which is oral health practitioner

Dentist, to the layman - or a  DDS cuz my DAT’s

Were outstanding, its demanding, 8 years of school and still standing

Got them weekly readers on deck, or the new york times for the older folks

Used to keep some Jet magazines but Page 43, kept going ghost

And I don’t play games with that nitrous, my practice here is most righteous

Yet if i was a musician, I’d probably go out like Linus

How’d I pick this profession? it seemed it came so easily

Most children they fear the dentist, but my visits went pleasingly

So here I am

CHORUS

You look so familiar but I can’t figure out

Why i think that i recognize ya, don’t know what its about

It’s like a parallel existence, but i know that’s fiction

Or is it… or is it..

(Open Mike Eagle)

Step inside of my office I heard you lost it
Your teacher said you been talking
And the lunchroom monitor saw you dumping your sausage
Man get off it
You acting out like you don't know what this is costing
I'm trying to be cool and rap with you
But you lose your privileges often
You say you trying but I can't tell
Cause you ain't in class by the late bell
And I'm only gone freestyle with the students
That act right and behave well
And you know this..
You have all the control
Focusing on your goals
And you too old...
Trying to ask me about rapping
To some students it's an outlet
And to others it's a distraction
It all depends on how you be acting
Did you finish your application?
Cause rap for me was a passion
But the path is graduation
Be cool...

CHORUS

You look so familiar but I can’t figure out

Why i think that i recognize ya, don’t know what its about

It’s like a parallel existence, but i know that’s fiction

Or is it… or is it..