{Intro}
AQ Nigga ! (Haaaa)
Got them bandz.... (Bandz)
Buck Buck , (ahhhhh)

{Hook x2}
Got them bandz, never stretching out a hand
What you saying, hunnid grand
Gotta get me if you can, got them bandz got them bandz
We counting bandz
Got them bandz got them bandz, we counting bandz

{Verse 1}
I got them bandz, better catch me if you can(can,can)
Bouta grand in my pocket, is what I'm sayin(sayin,sayin)
Yea you see me when I pull up in the benz, in the city with the tints, eyes squeezing, who that is ?? (is,is)
Got them bandz like I won the fucking lottery, and I got them bandz for the niggas that done doubted me
I got them bandz, one hand on the steering (steering,steeri)
I got them bandz, weed smoke mind is clearing (clearing,cle)
All my niggas tryna get it yeah we winnin`, got you bird bitches flocking like some pigeons, just admit it (admit it admit it)
We blowing up, getting money counting digits (digits)
No slow bucks we just stuntin`, on them niggas(niggas,niggas)

{Bridge}
And you know how it go, Nigga hold up!
Get yo dough up, If we blow it nigga so what ?
Hunnid solidiers, move over, never sober, got them bandz like Oprah we told ya!!

{Hook x2}
Got them bandz, never stretching out a hand
What you saying, hunnid grand
Gotta get me if you can, got them bandz got them bandz
We counting bandz
Got them bandz got them bandz, we counting bandz

{Verse 2}
Got them bandz! man I'm never going broke nigga(going broke)!
Hunnid grand in my pocket, ain't no joke nigga (ain't no joke)!
So much bread! but I'm tryna eat the loaf nigga (eat the loaf)!
No I ain't had enough, i'm tryna get some dough nigga( that dough)!
I want some mo nigga, grab it up and go nigga
Don't play em close! Niggas tryna play me?, no nigga!
Tryna stack this cash to the top floor nigga (top floor)
We Talking M's? imma need bout 4 nigga! (Haaa)
And don't shit really mean much to me, I'm Just tryna live comfortably, in luxury come fuck with me
My niggas chop you up, like surgery
No hurting me, no I can't be touched
Cuz I'm the king(king)

{Verse 3}
Got them bands, no I never ran(ran ran ran)
Got them bands, niggas Call me Uncle Sam(sam sam sam)
Got them bandz, i'm tryna get that check(checkcheck check)
And if you got them bandz we coming for your neck([?] Neck)

{Hook x2}