[Intro - Talib]
Ayo, you gon’ put in on this one?
Why am I the only one purchasing shit man
Ay, go ahead and kick it on in
Kick it in! Kick it In!

Everything, is gonna be alright...oh yeah

[Verse 1 - Talib]
Strong arm robbery
Ponzi scheme, our foreign policy
War in the name of democracy
A lottery, a plot to run up in your private property
Cop a key, break it down, and call it the ricotta
Or the fetti - that’s a lotta cheese
Enough to make the innocent cop a plea
And stabilize economies, shopping spree
Copped a V, we stay driven by a lotta greed
The saddest sight is when the parasites bottom feed
The game of Monopoly, a terrorist bombing spree
Planes falling out the sky, like we was a Lockerbie
Look into the heart of a thief
You might go on vacation, become a patient
Somebody taking your artery
My lyrics merely taking a picture, this is photography
Obviously for some the poverty really hard to see
Honestly, I’ve come to the stage rock properly
I like my pockets fat, not flat
Word

[Hook - Bilal]
Spending up all my time making ends
For all the money
It’s the only thing on my mind, right now
That matters
Tried to change my mind

[Verse 2 - Talib]
Gotta check? Let me underwrite it
Spendin’ money on the flesh, attention undivided
The promise of funds got ‘em strip to their undergarments
For the skrilla, they willin’ to diss your mama
Like the show with Wilmer Valderamma
I grind harder cause I gotta live
My ancestors swung from the ropes
Now my knot is thick
This is Apocalypse Now, rising to prominence
Never go against the family, it’s Godfather shit
My hypothesis, stop your breath like an octopus
Gettin’ hold of your esophagus
Try to rob, I’ll pop you quick
Promise you will not evict
On a reconnaissance mission for where the profit is
No I’m not the office type, quite the opposite
Despite accomplishments, I’m hungry as a starving artist is
The knowledge from this metropolitan perspective
More effective than scholarships to the best colleges

[Hook - Bilal + (Talib Ad-libs) ]
Spending up all my time making ends
(Kick it In! Kick it In!)
For all the money
It’s the only thing on my mind, right now
(Ay man, gimme my money!)
That matters
Tried to change my mind

[Outro - Talib Ad-libs]
So basically, the moral of the story is:
Go get it, man
It’s the only thing right now that matters
I heard somebody say: “Money is the root of all evil”
Don’t believe that man
It’s the love of money, the pursuit of money
That’s the root of all kinds of evil, man..
So, Yo - somebody owe you money and they ain’t pay up
Tell ‘em you got five seconds...
You got five seconds - gimme my shit!
(Laughs)
5...4...3...2...1!