Who in the house?
Shouts out to SMG Studios
Further proof
We gon' switch it up on yall

When I ride, late at night
Say it all
What you bout? What you for?
Either stand, or you fall
With the skill that I'm smokin, and the strength in my hand
Its a spell, it's a potion, its a part of the plan

Came out tearin' it down on Lyricist Lounge
Linked up with Mos Def for a serious sound
Put it down and demanded respect
Got 41 MC's to spit rounds without cutting the check
Rest in peace Amadou Diallo, [peace] follow me to the front of the lines
Where they shoot them hollows
Painting pictures of a new tomorrow
My soundscape sound great, I go hard like the truth to swallow
Introduce you to Hi Tek, nothing but the raw
On tour with Common sense yelling fuck the war
Way back in 2004, the democrats here to touch the floor
And we touch the sky
First album with Faith and Mary J. Blige, since my man BI (?)
Brooklyn til i die, so its in my blood
They do it for the club, I do it for the love
So what do you want?

I give it my all, how much to they want from me?
Whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?
Whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?
I give it my all, how much to they want from me?
Whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?
Whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?

I get it jumpin' like oh what a feelin'
From the floor to the ceiling
Catch me illin' on tour at the villain, chillin'
Lyrically I'm hip-hop's Bob Dylan
Stop risen like the body count when they cop killin'
The MC known to keep it real
Watched the Grammys in the D with Dilla when he was nominated
On the road with Kanye before Kanye made it
Life wasn't so complicated
Stated as one of the greatest by one of your favorite MC's
Liberation gave it straight for free
Mixtapes you gotta pay the fee
But looking at me, Jean Grae, and SASG, yeah
Still waters keep stickin
So I keep flowing like a tree in Brooklyn keep growing
These other MC's give up, I keep going
So my work generate the hate they keep showin'

I give it my all, how much to they want from me?
Whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?
Whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?
I give it my all, how much to they want from me?
Whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?
Whatchu, whatchu, whatchu want?

[Talib Talking]

Sometimes it feel like, how much more do you want
I give you blood sweat and tears, for years and years and years
You ain't gotta like waht I do, but you gotta respect it
I guess when you receive a lot of hate, it mean you affecting a lot of people's lives
Talib Kweli
Like my man Katt Williams says, if you got fourteen haters
You need to work on have sixteen by the summertime rolls around
Summertime belongs to Blacksmith
Blacksmith is the music, Blacksmith is the movement

[Talib Kweli, Get Familiar!]