[Hook: Talib Kweli and Pumpkinhead]
It’s like black to white or day to night
It’s the lies that you read from left to right
It’s the good, the bad, and the yin and the yang
Just keep it in balance as you do your thing

[Verse 1: Pumpkinhead]
I’m the opposite of royal players and pimps
The opposite of gangsters with Jheri curls and crimps
Hence, the opposite of me is wack
And the opposite of wack is this track
Like white to black, fiction to fact
This world without opposites would probably collapse
Heaven with no Hell would be too flawless
Hell with no Heaven means we’d all burn regardless
No matter if you’re a white drug kingpin or black priest
You’ll get the opposite of peace
With hate the reason Dr. King and Malcolm X cease to exist
The opposite of the person that splits
The opposite of blood is crip
The opposite of weak is a strong black fist
Me and Kweli do it just like this (Like this, y’all)
Which is the opposite of that (Like that y’all)
The opposite of hip hop is rap
“Opposites Attract” like Paula Abdul and Skat Kat

[Verse 2: Talib Kweli]
I’m the alternative reality to which you relate
A new world where jakes confiscate mixtapes
From state to state, raising rates on the breaks [from Mel?]
My [fact drop?], but wait
If I brought up my own shit, is it fake witness?
My fate evaporating snakes talking slick like wet
Oil reserves in Kuwait.  Yo, no time for hating
Killing niggas with love.  Come at me crooked and I’ll set you straight
Yo, wait.  The statements from my mouth, they tend to aggravate
But if I never say it, who the hell will take the weight?
They imitate this level of greatness.  They couldn’t make this
So they take this and my lover is a victim of the rapist
The reason I say this: I roll with God and you’s a sadist
My everyday flavors to you is the fad that’s the latest
Biting like Florida Gators, poverty keeps you forever paid
My success crashes markets like jets inside The Everglades
One day, you’ll meet your ton day.  Hope it comes back someday
Our business collide like Mack Trucks through a street that’s one way
My runway for takeoff is your path to Hell
My dream will rise like cream.  Look how fast you fell

[Hook: Talib Kweli and Pumpkinhead]
It’s like black to white or day to night
It’s the lies that you read from left to right
It’s the good, the bad, and the yin and the yang
Just to keep it in balance as you do your thing
It’s like black to white or days to night
Lies that you read from left to right
It’s the good, the bad, and the yin and the yang
Just to keep it in balance as you do your thing

[Verse 3: Pumpkinhead]
This is the end (End like Jim Morrison), so this justifies the means
I could kick it to chickens but I’d rather have a queen
I could rock silk pants but I’d rather rock some jeans
I could eat caviar but I like collard greens
I could sing R&B but I’m a hip hop fiend
I could get on some “Rah rah!” but I’m calm and serene
As I lean on the scales of yin and yang, I dream
To be in a world that wasn’t all about the cream
‘Cause right now, we revolve around governmental schemes
And it seems around me, you’re quiet, but, on stage, you scream
(It’s PH.  Hello, PH)
Hotheads always have cold hearts
This world will have to end to make a brand-new start
As you stick to the lowest to get on the top of the charts
You bought the whole thing but don’t want to give a part
Materialism you preach and try to call it art
I’ll pick up something sweet that winds up tasting tart
Got flows forever so my throat is never parched
From the bottom to the top is how I had to start

[Verse 4: Talib Kweli]
Your time of pain is my time of glory
Your fairytale is my horror story.  My best English is derogatory
Language inflammatory, my family values your homewrecker
Your peace protector was predatory, heading for me
My celebratory dance got you in a spiteful trance
Technological advancements, biochips in my hands
Watch them ghost in my face.  I got your tracks to trace
Your smile crack in your lips, crack in your whipping
My vision’s mountain is your ditch, my African queen your bitch
When I’m calm in your face, you got a nervous twitch
See, look.  We dropping shit that’s opposite like stringy dog hair to dreadlocks
You can’t escape the paradox no matter (What?) what type of thoughts that you concoct
Quality of life: cops crack down on weed spots
And my domestic violence is your protective silence
My Hell becomes your Zion, my ignorance is your science
You lying, that is my truth—trust me, I got the proof
My advance from living is your loot recouped
It’s really ill when broke niggas walk down the street like pimps (You seen ‘em)
Oxymoronic like black serial killers and jumbo shrimp
Just don’t happen to fit together.  So, let’s discuss this
Military intelligence with criminal justice
Individuals love this.  Federals bug this and hunt me
I’m chilling like the livid air in a free country

[Hook: Talib Kweli and Pumpkinhead]
It’s like black to white or day to night
It’s the lies that you read from left to right
It’s the good, the bad, and the yin and the yang
Just to keep it in balance as you do your thing
It’s like black to white or days to night
Lies that you read from left to right
It’s the good, the bad, and the yin and the yang
Just to keep it in balance as you do your thing

[Bridge: Talib Kweli]
Keep it in balance as you do your thing
Keep it in balance as you do your thing
You got to keep it in balance as you do your thing
Keep it in balance as you do your thing

[Outro: Talib Kweli]
Ta-da!