[Intro: Talib Kweli]

Oh yes, it's the BK MC, M-CEO, Talib Kweli
One time for [?] media and the whole crew
Two times for [?] of the Coach
Three times for Indy 500
Four and five times for 'Is on the beats
Now walk it out...

[Verse 1: Talib Kweli]

Yeah!
Now every time I start showing up
All that fuck boy shit starts slowin' up
And every time I get to showing out
People stop talking about shit that they don't know about

It's about time you start throwing up
Ya'll people don't spit it you vomit it like you're throwing it up
And every time you run your motor mouth
I'mma call you a sucker, that's how you goin' out

School of hard knocks, but I graduated with honors
The industry is sleeping I travel in my pajamas
I'm somewhere in between a person fucking up the commas
And a person who rhymes sound like they belong in the bottom of Dr. Brahners

You people are off [?]
Style is not designer, kinda rhyming sound like A and R mountain climbing
You get touched for the very first time like a virgin
No Madonna, you need security like Lynus needs a blanket. You'll never make it...

I'm out to find a better way for us to get it great, levitate, sitting Indian style ready to meditate, regulate, I never hesitate, I'm finna set it straight. There's rules to this shit, ya'll people make me wanna legislate

The raps spitting course cataclysms, the words back for activism, so acting like a bitch that was a bad decision
You played your self like Activision, better ask forgiveness
People so wack it's ridiculous
That shit is bad for business

Close up shop!

[Intro: Issa]
Peace to the GOAT Talib Kweli
And to the GOAT Dave Chappelle and Village Family
Torch, let's do it!

[Verse 2: Issa]
Burying my enemies, when I'm flowing on tracks
Like Jesse Owens, crushing the myth of Aryan supremacy
What I'm carrying mentally is in fact so scary
That it might offend the very things bringing America misery

My chariot is mentally used to carry me through the heavens
Dropping lightening bolts on Luciferian entities
Preparing to potentially sign a prenuptial agreement before they try marry me to this industry

I'm destined to become what these scary people pretend to be
Esoteric knowledge libraries all in my memory
Books all fucking day no mental penitentiary
Insults and compliments mean the same thing to me

Cause I came from the bottom to the top
Skin black so I gotta deal with the cops
Deal with the poverty, deal with the block
Convertible coup we don't deal with the top

(Nah!)

King Issa, that's who the fuck I am
Pharaoh in the flesh, I cannot, and I must have been
Sent from the gods to be among beasts from dusty lands
Remove your shoes and cleanse your body before you touch my hand

I'm the new kid on the block, I vote, with the [?], when he cross [?] it's my show
Every day I go outside look up watch the sky grow ask my soul where is my roof?

[Outro: Issa]
It's overtime, it's overtime, V's up, bitch