Talib Kweli - “Peace of Mind (Interlude Version)”
[Emcee(s): Talib Kweli]
[Producer(s): Madsol-Desar]
[Background Vocals: A. Mike]
[Sample (Melody): Dee Dee Bridgewater - "My Lonely Room"]

[Intro (Overlapped with Hook): Talib Kweli]
Uh.  I haven’t seen it.  I haven’t seen it.  Uh.  Uh, come on and, come on and

[Hook: Sample from Dee Dee Bridgewater - "My Lonely Room" with Background Vocals by A. Mike] (x2)
I haven't seen that look in such a long time
I've yet to feel what could be called peace of mind

[Interlude 1: Talib Kweli]
Uh.  One, two, and uh.  One, two, and uh.  Yo.  All those shorties around my way, I see y’all.  Do y’all thang, do y’all thang, come on.  Ah.  Uh.  Come on.  Ah.  Do y’all thang, do y’all thang, come on.  Ah.  Yeah.  Let me run it down.  Yo, yo

[Verse 1: Talib Kweli]
Sitting on a stoop, watching chickens fly the coup
People troop through the night in groups.  I got dice to shoot
Way too late to see this youth hanging on the ave
Plus my little man's mama just told me he skipped the class
He on the corner smoking a stog', looking broke in the blow
He opened his soul, said he came to a fork in the road.  "Son
I’ve never seen that look in your eye.  What's wrong, kid?"  He replied
"What they’re teaching me in school ain't helping me to live
It ain't relevant to me.  Word is bond, the class
Is so overcrowded, they don't even notice when I'm gone"
"Hold on, shorty.  You're speeding.  Take what they got you reading
Apply it to your life and give it your own meaning
There's nothing out here for you, so stop running from school
You'll only defeat yourself—that's what they want you to do.  It's that
Simple" is what I told him.  "No one’ll hold your hand
Count your blessings—not your problems—and stay focused, man"

[Hook: Sample from Dee Dee Bridgewater - "My Lonely Room" with Background Vocals by A. Mike] (x2)
I haven't seen that look in such a long time
I've yet to feel what could be called peace of mind

[Interlude 2 (Overlapped with Hook): Phone Call Skit]

[Verse 2: Talib Kweli]
“What’s up
Keeba?  I heard you’re moving down south to
Atlanta to be with your family.  That’s what it’s about, right?
Selling your house and quitting your job, not
Wishing on a star.  Just getting with God.  I’m missing
You hard already (Word).  You used to be hooking us up, cooking
For us.  It was love.  You was Brooklyn to us
I’ll remember the tragic loss of the baby’s father
Being eight-months pregnant was hard—that made it crazy harder
Plus I know he loved you, and you felt like you would lose it
That’s why it’s good you start again and focus on your music
I got your back on a plane that’s two hours away, and it’s like
Going to Queens and taking the A.  Today
You sound stressed out.  I know you’re ready to lead, ready
To be free and keep a home steady for your seeds, but you’re
There already.  If you thought it, it could happen
The hands God works with his hours.  You took action”

[Interlude 3 (Overlapped with Hook and Bridge 1): Talib Kweli]
Holler.  Yeah.  I haven’t seen ya, haven’t seen ya.  Uh.  What?  Come on.  Come on and, come on and.  Brooklyn, y’all.  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah.  Yeah

[Hook: Sample from Dee Dee Bridgewater - "My Lonely Room" with Background Vocals by A. Mike] (x2)
I haven't seen that look in such a long time
I've yet to feel what could be called peace of mind

[Bridge 1: Talib Kweli]
Stay focused, man.  Stay focused, uh
Stay focused, man.  Stay focused, true
Stay focused, man.  Stay focused, uh
Stay focused, man.  Stay focused, uh

[Verse 3: Talib Kweli]
Big Tobacco targets your children.  Ghetto youth marked
For killing, buildings fallings.  We’re just starting the healing
Light up the truth, make a spark in the dark that’s so appealing that it
Gives sight to the blind and sound to the hard-of-hearing
We’re all looking for the truth.  Now look in your eyes for proof
Or recognize no time to lie to the youth, so I slide
In the booth and provide you the soup for your soul, food
For your whole body when you feel you’re losing control
To some corporation, TV station, or occupation, another
Foreign value system that kill your sensation.  Feel the
Elation of knowing life—you got a lot to live
Stay true and focus on the positive.  Come on

[Hook: Sample from Dee Dee Bridgewater - "My Lonely Room" with Background Vocals by A. Mike] (x2)
I haven't seen that look in such a long time
I've yet to feel what could be called peace of mind

[Outro (Overlapped with Hook): Talib Kweli]
See, that’s what I’m talking about.  I haven’t seen it.  I haven’t seen it.  Uh.  Peace of mind.  I haven’t seen it, I haven’t seen it.  Peace of mind