[Hook]
My nigga, where is the love? (I dunno)
My nigga, where is the love? (Fuck) (I dunno)

[Verse 1: Talib Kweli]
It’s customary to pop the mary
Rock canary cuts when the snitches get stitches Because they cut canaries
I'm very blunt, but with words is fierce, stuff is heavy
Thrash God, virgin ears, then I bust the cherries
Strawberry blunt, scatter coffin
Emcee steady front, I got em coffins (My nigga, where is the love?)
Step into my office, for those who don’t know
Don’t show no love and keep it secret so I won’t know
I’m so passionate, my presence make you insecure
These wack questions get flipped back on them interviewers
They like describe yourself, I’m like that’s your job
Ain’t you a scribe yourself? These nigga's lazy guy
We stay involved, we off the books like librarians
Then beef like vegetarians, civilized and barbarians
I vilified like a villain that's on a [???]
The chariot’s on fire, a freedom fighter like Harriet

[Hook]

[Verse 2: ElZhi]
If you really know me lemme know and show that you appreciate me
Cause life hasn’t been too easy lately
Was down in the dump smokin’
Sippin’ on cups and crowns, goin’ through these ups and downs like jump-roping
Thinkin’ I shoulda listened when they suggested I learn the trade
Go to school, read a book, earn a grade I’m in pain (My nigga, where is the love?)
Instead of dealin’ with promoters that are janky
Comin’ off a flight, tryna be polite, but I’m cranky
Cause they didn’t pick me up  hotel far from swankey
And they full of soft stories like they bout to yank a hankey
Get the show still go on an they thank me
But fuck them, just to put it frankly
And if you really love me, lemme know I’m sick of the guessin’
I should be who y’all pick and requestin’
Imagine if you put yo heart in this and this with the park [?]
From the start finish it would feel like they were kickin’ yo chest in (fuck)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Skyzoo]
Where the love that we used to be hearin’ of?
Blood on the leaves, that lead you to where we was
We both now or neva like we was comparin’ drugs
The heart ain’t been the same so it ain’t no compare us
Where the love, where the stand tall next to you by any means?
I was there for heavy [???] tell em pick the scene
And what they did to me, consider it past tense
If I gave ya my word then you don’t gotta act stiff
If they ain’t livin’ the same, then cut, they livin’ off
Cuz right or wrong, I showed you what I was livin’ for
In the door when they was talkin’ bolts and padlocks
I overcharged off of them havenots
I payed forward, the best thing that you wonder, you doin’ math
My approach too nice on the beat and they call it trash
The irony or whateva should come with it
But I fell to look in the mirror and love the vision
Where the love, eh?

[Hook]