[Intro: Talib talking]:
Talib Kweli. Kanye West. "Pay close attention to my story" John Legend. "You'll find every word is true" Blacksmith, G.O.O.D. Music connection. It get's no better than this. Exclusives. One, two. Mic check. Mic check

[Hook]
"Young man standing on the corner"
Young man where you goin' in life, you know it ain't right
"Sellin' death, no conscious has he"
You can't escape the shadow in the light
Shine on ya
"Young man standing on the corner"
Young man where you goin' in life, you know it ain't right
"Sellin' death, no conscious has he"

[Verse One]
Yeah, the conscious MC
Sometimes I keep it simple
Fuck what the nerds say
Ain't tryin' to impress you with the intricate wordplay
Catch me at a bodega and plus I know my neighbors
A little too well, it's like my walls are made of paper
But this is New York City
Where our music Biggie
We do it gritty, take you through it like you grew up with me
First I'mma make a comment
It's time to change the context of what's considered conscious
We the concept obnoxious
And let me make a promise
I'mma always keep it honest
And to portray all my people cause we put in boxes
Category
Tryin' to make a break through
Dealin' with the hateful
Tryin' to stay faithful
Got an attitude house niggas can't relate to
Listening to music that the field niggas escape to
I plays phonetic
Over revolutionary rhetoric
Cause I'm down for action like a predicate

[Hook]

[Verse Two]
You can't escape
You can't escape
He patriotic to his niggas over God and country
He felt 'Pac when he said Only God Can Judge Me
You see the [?] walkin' in the playground
Stalkin' like a predator, you're baby ain't safe now
Wait now, ain't it big how he talkin' like he evil
And the [?] never acknowledge how he could be tryin' to feed his people
Young, black and throw in a line up
Labeled as a 'gang banger' though he never signed up
Cops is tryin' to get the crime up
You get that on your record
Employers gonna check it
Fire you, so now you gotta resort to the only method
The scene will guarantee any sense of clarity
As to when the rental be paid, it's street salary
You're sure to meet tragedy, die or go to jail
But somehow, it all seems worth it and that's real
Wishin' for the day you can say it's your last deal
But you know you be portrayed like Jesus at His last meal
That's...

[Hook]