[Intro]
I want to give it all to you
Dedicating this one to the streets. Detroit
Nigga gotta hustle westside, eastside, southwest
Whatever way you gotta do it, but stay low, out the way

[Verse 1]
Another day, another dollar I make
Another risk I take
Dodging haters in the Jacob
Mama tell me to keep my head up
I gotta get my bread up
Who would've knew I had to give my legs up?
Sitting up in a wheelchair
Preaching like, "Son be glad that your still here"
Still where?
It's feeling like a part of me gone
I'll be glad when my brother get home
That's when I learn that
Life is life; you live or die
I guess that's why everyday I get high
Got a wife now, two kids in my life now
Feds trying to dict because of my mobish lifestyle
My pops like, "dawg just pipe down."
Same day I took the Benz filled the trunk with sounds
Then I took a little trip fill the trunk with pounds
If my dead homie Mike he could see me now

[Adlib.]
I remember being broke without a dime
Yall niggas didn't wanna fuck with me, you know what I'm saying?
Now a nigga got cheese
Phone won't stop ringing
You know what I'm saying;
Niggas won't stop hollering at a nigga
It's crazy how we on top

[Verse 2]
To all my homies caught in the streets:
I don't blame you dog do what you do to eat
New kicks on you feet, need clothes on you back
Got a 9'' in your pocket, you don't know how to act
Cause you never had nothing, a product of the slums
Now you got funds, now life seems fun
Dawg, pump ya breaks watch for snakes
Fake niggas ain't far dawg though, they right in your face
They riding in the car blowing gans with you
You think he your man he just waiting to get you
He'll steal ya customs steal ya hustle
Soon as you go down he ain't nowhere to be found
Sounds crazy and I ain't trying to preach
But the heat is on that's why I keep the chrome
And they'll never get another chance to take me out
And nigga next time you better take me out

[Adlib]
Damn
This nigga ran up from the crib
Popped me up, You know what I'm saying?
While laying with the (?)
Ends up in the hospital like, "Shit"
Nigga's still alive
(?)

[Verse 3]
Little blade need a new bike
His mama need new ice
Thats why I hustle all day all night
I decided mine, Keep my eye on the grind
So stay outta mine or get sprayed with the 9
And this my life dawg and I ain't braggin
Maggin stashin? Chrysler wagon
I heard they put a tag on my head (tag on my head)
Well get ya money back dawg I ain't dead
I ain't broke, matter fact a little bit richer
When I was young I learned to look at the bigger picture
See snitches go to hell rich niggas just want bail and
My niggas upstate just wanna get out of jail
And to you bitch ass niggas that shot me up dawg...
(I wanna give it all to you)

You know I remember driving up the freeway with my brother dropping him off at the fair joint, you know what Im sayin
Like, "Dawg I got you."
Two weeks later dude he callin me from the hospital
Dawg you still alive nigga
Fuck the bullshit
Yeah dawg but barely breathing
You know what I'm saying?
It's like a time to remember you know what I'm saying
I'm going through rehab with my headphones on like
"I can't wait to walk again, I can't wait to walk again."
You know now I'm back up on my feet
You know what I'm saying?
Ain't shit changed, I ain't missed nothing