[Intro: Benzino]
Yeah..
You thought it was over?
Nah..
You can't get rid of me..
I'm the arch nemesis..
And I'm not stopping..
Until I've acomplished what I've came here for..
Complete elimination

[Verse 1: Benzino]
It's about to be the death of Slim Shady
A little over 2 years, he still can't face me
That shit you pulled in the D was a slick move
You should have got Dave, cause now I'ma get you
And I ain't even pressin up on a ya like i should
Better double up on ya security, wish a nigga would
Tryin to run up on the station, and I'll be waiting
With fully automatics, blowin out your patients
You got a fucking nerve taking me to trial
Copyright infringement, you said it was a freestyle
And you lied about your age, you was 21
Never ever make a move with an empty gun
I'll go to war, never fold, snipe you on the fifty yard line
Why you talkin this way? And why you walkin with Dre?
It don't matter, catch you at a show, you ain't built for battle

[Chorus]
It was me..
That made you stop doing shows in the States
It was me..
That made you get Pauly on a tape
It was me..
That made your uncle put the burner to his face
It was me..
That got your boy Proof served in Miami
It was me..
That struck a nerve when i said fuck Hailie
It was me..
That ultimately put an end to Slim Shady
Verse 2

Yo, Pauly tell me on the telly, you a light weight
Suck it motherfucker cause he's the same way
Your whole circle's just a bunch of little bitches
Tap dancing niggas, weight lifting snitches
And I know I didn't hear you say you help my career out
You a puppet, sittin like a kid in Jimmy's lap
Makaveli rollin over in his grave
You fuckin' up his music, the beats don't pay!
And where's your girl Kim, I need to get my dick sucked
I heard she like coke, she wanna get her face fucked
But I ain't freakin with no trailer park trash
I'll leave that shit to you Marshall Mathers (Outkast)
Whats the use of having papers, if you hide it
I can see the Source Awards, but missing at the Vibes
How can you call yourself the number one rapper
XXL showing love to a cracker!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Benzino]
I heard on the radio, you said you wanna squash beef
It's kinda funny, to me this shit was never beef
Puerto Rico with the burner in hand
Ran up on Green Lantern
He almost shit in his pants (Damn!)
Raise the white flag, I'm charging up the hill
Nail in the Coffin? I'm impossible to kill!
I'm your worst nightmare, the reaper in the flesh
Its a fight till the finish, a battle till the death
Dressing like a woman to sell a few copies
Disrespecting Michael, Em you getting sloppy
Your album's atrocious, Jimmy's scared in double
Fuck D12 cause their careers are in trouble
Angela get their nuts up out your mouth
[?]  a dick rider, I'll lay these niggas out
And everybody else who wanna try and hold ya
Cause in all reality you're the only toy soldier!

[Chorus]