[Intro - Mario Winans]
Yellowcity, Benzino
Yellowman.. Young Heff
That's what they call me
Yellowcity That's where I'm from
Benzino My nigga
Young Heff - c'mon rock!

[Verse 1: Benzino]
Checking in the closet for my blue Velour suit
Piping all around it wit the matchin' Timb boots
Hop up in the wagon wit the 20 inch shoes on.. ohh
Riding down the street wit a twenty G stack
Shorty paging me saying "Zino where you at?"
Look up in the mirror 5-0 up on my back it's - uh ohh
Pull up in the spot smoking in the parking lot
Everybody having fun niggas don't stop
Pray to God that I don't have to let the guns pop it's
Maybe all the girls wanna chill wit Benz and Heff
Pushing up the bottle 'til there's no more Henny left
Step it up to Louie now let's see what happens next

[Hook: Mario Winans]
We gon' throw the party (yeah) rock the party (rock)
Then drink Bakardi (c'mon) freak somebody (freak)
Then leave the party to the after party y'all.. ohh
What we gon' do?!
We gon' throw the party rock the party
Then drink Bacardi freak somebody
Then leave the party to the after party y'all.. ohh
What we gon' do?!

[Verse 2: Benzino]
Lookin' at the shorty with the Frankie B. Jeans
Thong hanging out, butterfly belly ring
Butter leather boots with the tassels, that's mean - oh
Got up on that ass when she came up in the door
Rock it to the beat then we took it to the floor
DJ in the club spinning record back and forth - oh
People going hard cause you know the mood is right
Everybody screaming like they at a Tyson fight
Young Heff in the back wit a dime looking tight, oh-my - ohhh
Hit the sour diesel mami bouncing on my lap
VIP crowded so I take it to the back
Up in the coat room where you find 'Zino at
(And Mario too, yo)
Now everybody just

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Benzino]
5 in the morning more drinks at the crib
Whachu waiting for, mami? Get your ass in!
Hop up in the coupe, girls riding wit my friend
(Y-y-y-y-yo, y'all follow us, follow us)
Rolling through the city wit the CD on blast
Pull up at the mansion had to dip up in the stash
Scene looking sexy shorty got a fat ass, oh-my-God
Step up in the place everybody getting wet
Sweating on the floor dancing like they having sex
Popping Champagne taking bottles to the neck
Looking at my Jacob it's about that time
Sun's coming up bout to close the blinds
This is how we do almost everyday
Now meet me upstairs with Courvoisier

[Hook]

[Bridge - Eddie from Yellowcity] (2x)
What is a party if it don't rock?
We just gon' proceed to make it hot
A Yellowcity party, no it don't stop
We gon' rock...

[Hook]