[Verse 1: Andy Mineo]
More of the same, I'm cornered again
Back and forth, forth and back with the names
Recordin' pain
You played back when them insecurities rang
And I ain't even gotta answer, but the question remain
Why everything inside of my brain
Not applied, it's insane
But, yo, I'm tryna change
Decided to ditch my strength and rely on the King
Mama said at the end of yourself is where it begin
So I'm totally freed, embracin' my limitations
Wishin' my heart move at the same pace as this information
I pray this ain't strange what I'm sayin'
But I'm tryna find a back door to your imagination
I'm here, let me in to be clear
I'm bringin' somethin' make you wonder who's the one that gave the gifts that I bear
What happen next
I think about it, do you ever?
I can give you an answer but a question do you better like..


[Hook: Dimitri McDowell]
Have you ever loved the treasures of this world
When it's insanity?
Cause it's killin' me
Have you ever tried to be something you're not?
Cause I've been searching for security
Oh, na-na-na
His love is all we got

[Verse 2: Andy Mineo]
I'm tryna go from selfish to selfless
Not just thinkin' 'bout my needs but someone else's
All these pretty women in my city isn't helpin'
No matter how hot that body, one day it's meltin', yo
A good lie got a little truth in it
So I'm tryna decide what's real and embellished
The money comin' in so everybody's good fellas
I don't trust em, no phone numbers
Tell em e-mail us
Can you tell?
I've been affected by this industry
Numbers and CD sales, what the heck has gotten into me?
I had to ask myself, what's a win for me?
Do I worship God or what other people think of me?
Soberin' thoughts depletin' my hot air
Thinkin' 'bout this world when I'm not here
Will I treasure money or the moments that we share?
It's funny how, seein' death can make life so clear
I got a girlfriend, but so long it feels weird
It's not like "Yo, can I get to know you?"
More like, "Meet my parents"
I think I'm scared cause it's serious
And every time I tell somebody they tryna to marry us
Pump the brakes
I think I love her, but them words ain't been said still
Cause last time I did things didn't end well
Plus, plus my past was hashtag been trill
It's time to grow up, you know what?
I ain't trying to be another bum that's just scared of committin'
Take everything from these women then go missin'
I gotta kill the wicked part of my heart that keeps pimpin'
If I ain't got the strength then I know where to get it
You live different when you know you've been forgiven
His love is forever, don't you ever forget it
You live different when you know you've been forgiven
His love is forever, don't you ever forget it uh

[Hook: Dimitri McDowell]
Have you ever loved the treasures of this world
When it's insanity?
Oh, na-na
Cause it's killin' me
Have you ever tried to be something you're not?
Cause I've been searching for security
Oh, na-na-na
His love is all we got

[Bridge: Dimitri McDowell]
Please speak your mind, I'm wide open
Love you for you girl, let it be hard girl
Lay it on the line, tell me all your questions
I promise I won't judge you, try not to judge me

[Hook: Dimitri McDowell]
Have you ever loved the treasures of this world (loved the)
When it's insanity? (When)
(Oh, na-na-na)
Cause it's killin' me
Have you ever tried to be something you're not?
Cause I've been searching for security
Oh, na-na-na (Oh, na-na-na)
His love is all we got