[Verse 1: Blu]
Check It Out Yo...
Copacetic, and I'm nice like my credit
Sweet as diabetics, you can even call the medic
Fresh like a lettuce wrap blunt wrap the lettuce then rap
(but hold up)
But hit them trees 'fore you're dead it set it off like I'm off it
Talk odd often
Saw God coughing I was so high, calling on dope like my hope died
Like I'm a nobody, turned somebody with a word somebody heard
Young Bird Parker with the marker. I'd offer herb but the words will take you farther
Pure art martyr, like if I wore my heart on my sleeve I'd be darker than my father
Part author, mom got the French side, I was this high French-kissing when I was six like young John Goddard
Under trees soaking up the summer breeze writing love songs bout it at a doubt she'll ever read but fuck it
Like the english-lit subject
Passed with an A but ditched every grade after lunches
Usual suspect, but what you expect? Can't say - grace, chase lust and love less
I'm a poet. Helpless romantic. Type to hold hands, make plans, and quote stanzas Just so you can (tell me how nice I am)

[Verse 2: Blu]
I am Jean never repeat it love or leave it gotta be the one
Single digit numero un blooming out the
Garden of Egypt Nile River Flow searching for the
Eighth wonder under water dance cooler than the
Ice pick a beat to rip right riper than a
Honey dew melon blessed be the memory of
Morning dew orange juice champagne toasted
Lampin' under shade under pray christ quoting
What ever happened to that good ol'?
Now every day I get up focused on how to get more
Why can't it be so simple? Narrow Path, pad and a pencil, now everybody tryna get that pimp on
This is that pay my rent song.
Used to be the emcee sitting on ya couch atcha' house tryna get on
Fuck it. I don't want nothing of it. Game is so disgusting, y'all don't even wanna discuss it. Success can suck it
I rep Hip-Hops but haven't sold the ethics
Etch-a-sketch a method get ghost before ya read it
Smoking on resin tryna keep it level headed
Digging for new records while petal-plucking destiny
Pressing up the message, kept it from the press
Under stress but I guess it's a part of being successful B
Sene told me that and the homie told me rap even though I don't match the image, I gotta give it
Live it daily even when I'm with my lady, she be like "Blu you crazy, turn that shit down, play with me."
I save the beat and go do that, but before I do can I spew that?
New rap I wrote for them new cats to know I'm no joke like the G-O. Quote so GQ and dope on the D-L though. No Hughley
Truly, Blu be the gentleman women friends dissin' cause I'm spitting hymns, back to church again
Yeah giving y'all the word until service ends
Word to Reverend Run
Dig the kendricks, the choir, and ushers. Still here like I love her
So mother-cas you can (tell me how nice)