[Verse 1: Blu]
Check it, (yeah)
The truest of the colors
With 5 little sisters and like 6 younger brothers
I look like my mother, but I act like my pops did
Whatever he ain't teach to me, the block did
That same kid in grade school
Rocking hand-me down kicks and still remained blue
An arrogant fuck that never shared with his lunch
But brave enough to sock anyone you dared me to punch, now (I'm Blu)
From all the bruises I got
Cus' most time I lost fights to all the fools that I socked
And most dudes that I clocked, end up working for law firms
And bitches I jocked, kept teasing me till my balls turned (Blu)
Now my main goal is to prove to these
High school graduates, don't think you out schooling me
Cus' truthfully I'm sick of these fools thinking they fooling me
Wait until the day you feeling Blu and see (I am Blu)
All 200 and 52 months of me
Plus change, and ain't no punk lame gettin' in front of me
The solo spittin', cocoa scented
Photogenic, low-low dippin'
Promo listening rap fan
Homo offended black man

[Skit 1]
Blu: Now tell me, what did you think of him?
Man: He use to make fun of me
Blu: Are you serious? What did he- What did he do?
Man: And I don't like him
Blu: Why don't you like him? What did he-?
Man: He use to hurt my arm
Blu: Are you-?  Blu? Are you serious?
Man: Don't ever say his name
Blu: No I'm sorry
Man: Please I don't like him
Blu: I'm so sorry, it's- What-? What did he actually do? I don't get it
Man: He use to dress up like a ninja
Blu: Oh my God

[Verse 2: Blu]
All 21 years of me, and no it ain't a sucker living that can strike fear in me
Cus' spiritually, I know Gods here with me
But physically I'm frail, I weigh a buck, sixty on the scale
And I stand 6 feet and 4 inches
A light skin son of a pimp, with no bitches
A nigga with a vision to rise above the limits
I was given as a child tryna dwell amongst the clouds, and a (Blu)
Skies I wish a could fly
Just to escape all of the hate and the pride that y'all affected with
The answers to your deficit
Alpha Omega Genesis
Exodus and Leviticus
Numbers and Deuteronomy
I'm hard as new Geometry
You simple as attraction, you cats in junior high to me
Mad tryna box with with me, honestly a man
And whether I'm in front of a jammed packed stadium or just 2 of my fans I am
(Blu)

[Skit 2]
Guy: Man fuck that nigga, ya know what I'm saying?
Straight up man, aye pass that blunt though
Other Guy: Uh, its a cigarette
Guy: Like I was saying though man, fuck- *Smokes
Other Guy: Uh, can I have it back?
Guy: Fuck that nigga cuz, I be seeing that nigga- Swear to God *exhales
Other Guy: Where Am I?
Guy: Swear to God man, I be seeing that nigga, I be like yo kick a flow man. This nigga like, "nah nigga I'm signed, and shit" I'm justlike nigga you's a bitch, that's it. Thats what I'm talking
*Both laughing
Other Guy: Who are you?

[Verse 3: Blu]
Now be the next generation of slaves here to make papes that the record labels rake
A mix-tapes great, yet a De La fan
And I am who I say I am (yes I'm blu)
And honestly I just started smoking
Cus' stress I get from labels these days got me tokin
Hopin' I could try to save the game before it's wasted
But I feel like choking rappers out untill they face gets (blu)
For ruining the imagery invented
I remember niggas breakin' while the DJ was spinin'
And the women use to shake they ass like when they hula-hoop
Now the only niggas at your venue is your crew and you
But I'm proof that truth can sell as well as sex
Don't get it twisted, I spit as well as I sex
But it took years of practice with wack chicks
Now I'm proud to tell you what my name is when you asking (I am Blu)
And I grew through the years shedding blood
Sweating tears, getting love and the respect to my peers
Blu whether you like it or not
Like the colour that my skin is fina be when my heartbeat stops
I am, (Blu)

[Verse 4: Blu & Exile]
[Blu]
What can I do for you back in this bitch
Not a damn thing
I keep my campaign popping like a champagne

[Exile]
Exile for president who ran game
All your mans name, shout out to my man Dane

[Blu]
Heard you was duckin' when the champs came
You try to hide and stay dry from my camps rain
We bare flames on the amplifier mic tip

[Exile]
And growing samples on some hype shit
On some Tribe shit

[Blu and (Exile)]
(You on point Tip), all the time Phife shit
(Adidas when the mics' lit), punching on some fight shit
(But it's Kadice on some rice shit)
On with the light switch (bomb and ignite shit)
Pause let me write this song before my mic gets strung up on some life shit
(I'm a on some death shit, wild wild west shit
Bushwacker stomp you on some WWF shit)
Fucking up your press kit, don't get the press kid
Child on some cloud 9 next shit
And Exile blessed it (holy water spit Bitches Brew Blu hexed it
Bulletproof vested when they wile on some text shit)
9 lives left so don't stress it
Spitting with my heart behind bars on some cardiac arrest shit
Showin cats the exit
(Come on take a rest kid, you don't want to test this
Number 2 pencil, no eraser for corrections
Exile's been selected, girlies get erections
Poppin out with knifes slicing wifey C-sections
I see sections of my life be corrected)
But I always be Blu, (Like I always be the (?))
Ask crew, guess who
Bless Blu
With another track to express truth
And and even Ex is tryna stay less stressed too
So bang my tape deck when my text bless you
I collect checks and move to get chips
And Blu never lose
I break rules to get to get fixed
(???)
I'm bangin in your coupe even after you dismiss
And give you a quick fix
So roll up and hit this
(In the mouth with a big kiss
I hope she got big tits
But I don't have big dick
It's small like a lizard
(?) time or what is it?
Ok so i hit this
I feel so explicit
Oh tell me what is it
It's me on some Chapelle on that when I get rich bitch)
But I'll always be broke though, so pay if you owe dough
I'm comin' out the booth on some nappy roots pro-folk
And classy folks don't know the shit that we go through
Holler if you know blow
Hoes don't want broke bros
And bros don't want broke Rolls
They diggin for gold souls
Tryna find a diamond mine, patching up old hopes
(And why I'm so broke though
I (??) locals, sleek in a locomotive, (?) my locals
They look at me loco, because I am loco
Insane in the graveyard, ditch diggin a Volvo
I'm crackin' like egg yolks, get it crackin' like egg yolks
Ey folks
Ex and Blu get the pesos)
From rocking a stage show, from LA to Wako
From pack down for theaters, to low-rider trade shows
Plus when we blaze flows we makin' a drug for me

(I write in red ink that turns to blue when the book closes)