[Verse 1: Blu]
Jay said that he used to play cello
I'm used to hearing heavy metal echo through the ghetto
Like a kettle pot whistles, when the pistol pop
Lock cops up for the same reason they do the block
Just stop killin' and dealin' it's a game
Just a shame how the system be bendin' to get change
Of course, it all makes sense
When ya listenin' to sins ching-chinging
And eyes bling-bling-ing
Dollar signs held high as the Lord Jesus
Lord keep us close to the heart, as they lead us to the fire
Tryna break us apart with no pliers
I'm bout to build a ark, cause sharks be tryna bite us
But I'm sharp
Ginsu, guillotine, with the bling
Mr. Clean with a sixteen and a dream
Lift teens out the streets wit a piece that I wrote
Without a piece on my hip sayin' peace to my folks
Like lets go

[Hook: Sample & Blu]
(I'm gonna need you... I gotta go..)
I'm sorry that I cannot stay, I gotta go
(I'm gonna need you... I gotta go..)
I'm sorry that I cannot stay

[Verse 2: Blu]
But all we gotta do is keep on and keep the heat on
Lights on, rent paid, been paid, still broke, still folks steal for meals
And kill for thrills
Pack said it's real for real
My boy used to preach, now he deals dope
Just to feed two seeds, true indeed
His lady left with his heart shady death
Milk still chilling on his baby's breath
Grown man taking baby steps
Instead of taking a stand, they blaming a man
Claiming a game, begging while I'm praying for change
Hating the players playing a game
On the same team, tryna make green
Before we leave greed alone
Get a full plate, you don't wanna eat alone
I know vegans and I know heathens that'll eat the bones
To each his own, put 'em on blast on speaker phone
Listening to rap cause our leader's gone
Hoping it'll lead us home
And get my mom straight, tryna put a smile on my pops face
But it's harder than a broke kid tryna get a prom date
Trust me, sometimes my own music don't touch me

[Hook: Sample & Blu]
(I'm gonna need you...)
I'm sorry that I cannot stay, I gotta go
(I'm gonna need you...)
I'm sorry that I cannot stay

[Verse 3: Blu]
Speaking of guys that peddle pies for piece of the devil's pie
Riding deep with they child by they piece
Pedal to the metal
Windows down in the heat
Stomach growling, tryna eat
Wondering how long it'll be until they see Tennessee
Sick from the ups and downs
Piling grief knee deep til they drown
Shouting to a g "why has thou forsaken me"
I'm just blunted bustin til a hundred thou
Some men are free back breaking from pressure
Bowing on bended knees
Benching tension off my chest tryna catch a breath to breathe
Please stop me
I need God but I believe that I be until he flees from my body
You thinking I'm free
And probably be high as I be
Plus I finally got me some wings
I stopped tryna be fly, just started flying
Now I'm trying to take all y'all as high as I am
Let's go..

[Hook: Sample & Blu]
(I'm gonna need you...)
I'm sorry that I cannot stay, I gotta go
(I'm gonna need you...)
I'm sorry that I cannot stay