[Intro]
I'm Blu
No matter what I do
I'm Blu
And I'm really gonna miss you too
I'm - Blu
But I won't be Blu always

[Verse 1]
No...
But I will be paid
400 dollar shades sittin' under some shade
Sippin' lemonade, sendin' money to Shay like -
No worries mama I got plenty comin' my way
I got it made like Ed said
And I ain't stoppin' - I'll prolly be choppin' donuts on my death-bed
Gettin' head from my nurse until my hearse comes
Prayin' God forgives me for this cursin' tongue
My name's Blu - and I'm prolly not the first one
Surely not the worst but I'mma leave this earth worth somethin'
Somebody take this mic from me 'fore I fuck around and hurt somethin'
Excuse my cursin' - No rights reserved but paid off my debt
Straight off the curb, offerin' herb, right on Atlantic
Been to left on fourth, I been raw straight cassettes to record
But ain't the West been the best before?
Why they actin' like it can't happen?
I do not play captain - World traveler
Came back with the same accent - Cali outta me it can't happen
The gang bang capital is callin' me they great champion
And who beat me it's too easy
And really no one can get credit but Sweat Pea nothin' reach me
(I'm... Blu)
So quick, hurry come meet me cause -
(I won't be Blu always)

[Hook]
Say, you're my boy Blu?
(You're my boy Blu!)
Say it you're my boy Blu?
(Blu you're my boy!)
Blu's got the muffin (Eat it!)
Blu's got the muffin (Eat it!)
But I won't be Blu always

[Verse 2]
No...
But I will pop bottles and pimp a model like your mama's favorite rapper and your favorite rapper's role model
Niggas lucky that I don't play lotto because I'm so lucky goat lucky had me gold model
A nappy fro'd honie cause hoes be so shallow
Tryna follow me to see if I'mma lead 'em to my nachos
-Nope!- They not yours, go get a job
Cut that I'm livin-with-my-mom crap out ho!
I empty bottles and I spin 'em like Serato
Tryna kiss ya cousin 'fore she sobers up tomorrow
It's just another day - Allah's let me borrow
And I refuse to use minutes bitchin' 'bout a cardinal
I'd rather argue over large quotes
Standin' on a large boat bossin' while the sea be tossin' me up
Name's Blu but no "c's" I be tossin' up
But I be talkin' to OG's - Honey hush
Money talks - Play your role please
And if you gon' leave then hold on to them old keys
And no police please I bang my parolee
And I prolly catch life if the microphone is on me
But fuck the phonies I should be the one and only
B-L-U, keepin' it true to the homies
And females too you better act like you know me cause -
(I won't be Blu always)

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
No...
But I will get cheese spittin' 64 bars on beats like they songs on the streets
It's Dope. Nope it ain't a mixtape, more like a fixtape
Strippin' and frivolous to the fiends
Gorillas in the midst she can get it in her jeans
But she feel it in her lips when I spit the -
And I'm so mean, she so clean
I'm so dirty let me wipe my love off on your jeans
But keep it sturdy cause birdies have O.D
And I don't need your heart broken early this week
She pissed cause I beat then kiss her on the cheek
Like I didn't put it in her last week
Yeah, color symbolism of wisdom
And the color of the blood pumpin' in 'em
Look ho, I give a fuck if you feelin' because -
(I won't be Blu always)

[Outro]
(I'm Blu)
"Wait, who's this guy?"
"That's Blu -
Don't worry about it, he's legit."