[Hook]
Ay yo we talkin about the gems, bling
Don't forget about the jewels, rings
Yo, you rolling with the misfits, kings
400 on the fit bitch, scream
Do it shine, do it shine my brother (like me)
And don't forget about the gems (that drop in the sinks)
Throw up plenty on this ship with me, please
They acting like we never had nothing, nigga eat

[Verse 1]
I played a clean hand on 'em homie, these sleeves
I wear my heart on that
Wool starter when I wished I was a Harlem cat
It ain't a problem, but I would have ate up all them cats
And ate up all their tracks, but bitches call me back
Black cat kid, Chucks and a chain
My name heavy, the game know ya boy ain't playin
Cause they pay for me, I got a check and no ID
A chick and no ride, I'm lucky chicken is pricey
? cause I shine beacon
My mind peaking on the break of converting the swine-eaters
Bacon burgers, avocado out around a brother
Save the onions for my murianos cause
I smoke a doobie at the movies, what you tryna fuck her
Real shit, she think she lucky, 'til I go fuck her
Seattle, Met Apollo on a Wednesday
He swore his life has never been the same
I said it's funny cause I only been this close to seeing all this green
You know the ?, yeah them niggas paid
New plates in the lane, I need my rep tighter
And all my niggas should be closer with the debts biting
Not to mention we blessed, oh yea we blessed nigga
What you invest in? Little brother, I'm hesitant

[Hook]
It's the shine of the bling
Don't forget about the jewels, rings
You rolling with the misfits, kings
400 on the fit bitch, scream
Do it shine, do it shine my brother (like me)
And don't forget about the gems (that drop in the sinks)
Throw up plenty on this ship with me, please
They acting like we never had nothing, nigga dream

[Verse 2]
Forget a team, you need a sidekick, them nice bitches, they grown
They like niggas now, tight crown fits with the robe
They pull a throne out they ass for me, so I sat on
Sat and got my mack on, natural bitches with Mac on
Snatched cool catch, cool batch with a piece
Pulling platinum and heat off that Memorex compete
I got visions of me and a milli that wanna be the really
Never be Uncle Willy, ? was silly
Shit I should drive a Bentley
Be in nobody's business
Me in nobody's body, fuckin' all the bitches
Who wanted all the riches? We did
Call my sisters weeded, ? do the remix we was ?
?, imagine Jimmy and ?
I really need a haircut ?, I'm 'bout to get sweet
Been in a good mood, fuck all the shit I push through
I'm hood nigga, not to mention good as French ?
?, paid dues, ?
Rain ?, the angels
Blu, came through on a ? in the squeeze
?

[Hook]
Now I set it on the beat, beat, with the bling
Don't forget about the jewels, rings
Ayo, you rolling with the misfits, kings
400 on the fit bitch, scream
But do it shine, do it shine my brother (like me)
Don't forget about the gems (we drop in the sink)
Throw up plenty on this ship, niggas please
They acting like we never had nothing, nigga eat

I wave the clean hand, homie
I wave the clean hand