(We just... we just here, talkin' shit. Asher! You owe me a rhyme!)
Asher: I owe you a rhyme?
(The last time we talked...)
Asher: Alright man, turn it up, man. Turn it up. Yo
(Yo, Cudi, you wanna get in on this?)
Cudi: Yeah, It's whatever, man

Asher: I think I got somethin' special for you, too
(You want me to introduce you?)
Asher: Cause you know, Cudi and I, we go all over the place We, we.... we cross over. We don't like to... We like to go all... We walked in on some foreign talk
(Alright! Hahaha. Let's go!)
Cudi: Let's go
Asher: My shit is like this when people walk in

We do this, we do that, we do rock, we do rap
We do jazz we do funk and then classical
With a clash to Outkast, back to Johnny Cash
Flash from Black Thought and A Tribe Called Quest
Les from Primus, Mos Def and Kweli
Zepplin, Onyx, Beck, and Chuck D
Feelin' of Bob Dylan, hints of John Lennon
Mixed with a bit of Pimp C and Bun B (Woah!)
Marley in my heart with parts of Charlie Parker
Mozart's art and all of Shawn Carter
Bjork to Tom York, Europe to New York
Morrison of The Doors, and Morsel of Too Short.(hey!)
In short this list is long and just goes on, y'all
Me and Cudi, we unstoppable!

Cudi:
Yeah, I be freshman, next in
Kickin' up the dirt and they be blessed then
When you come arrest him, we'll be out, in minutes
I don't give a fuck what bail-bondsman are spittin'
I'mma let y'all niggas know they well wishin'
Kid Cudi fall off? Never bossy, I'm getting money
Bounce all around the world; similar to bunny
Rabbit, you want my dick? Come grab it
I will break skull, motherfucker
Kid Cudi's in the mall poppin' tags and I'm duckin' 'em
Everytime they try to play the games, all the model girls claim
That they runnin' round town and they fuckin' him
No, they ain't fuckin' with him, no, not on that level
I never love the hoes, cause a nigga got several
I'm not tryna be caught up, like I'm
In this, movie that you, know
I'm not tryna be up in court
Baggin' all these hoes, no nigga
I am just trying to sit back and smoke my kush
You want doobie? No, what you know is hit the puss
You wish you weird, nigga, my nigga, Asher Roth
We the motherfucking bossiest of boss
What you know about that, boy, yes the ball I will toss

Asher:
Yeah, and this is it, down to this
To the nitty gritty, my finger nails as dirty as any, but anyway
We slice it, it's goin' against me, fightin' to show [?]
I'm tryin', but no one lets me I'm tired, so don't upset me
Cause I'm, tryna fight with both arms tied behind me
With a blindfold on, throwin' shots at my body, but I
Continue on like I carried the cross
Stroll past the crossroads to the land of the lost
And then, skip right to Satan, throw some penny's at his feet
Say I'd give him my soul, but I sold it to the industry, so
Not up to me, attached a couple of strings
And before decisions made I'm in different directions
It's nothin' but reps and, record execs and
You and the next man go get your investments, cause
Now more than ever, I'm hot with hostility
It's now or never and never's never a possibility

Cudi:
If you'd listened to Day'N'Nite in reverse
You'd probably think I was suicidal, with the knife in the bible
I don't give a fuck with niggas sittin' back and so idle
I'm that nigga, I'm you'r father, get in your room and study
I'm that nigga in the back, you can call me your buddy
Cause I'm rollin' up the weed, so we can smoke the next plenty
Hey, so talk records homie
We do it bigger than you ever could imagine
I'm something like Big Pun and Biggie Smalls
Combined, but on half paid
I let these niggas know I dry heave
When I spit the heat, motherfuckers better bundle up, air tight
I be in the club all day through the midnight
You could get it spit right, yeah
I'm tryna let these motherfoes somethin wrong in here
There's somethin' wrong up in my brain
I'm not the same as everyone else
Niggas know the flow is the best in the elf
And stealth, Metal Gear Solid
Move when I'm runnin' in the game, can't stop him
Asthma, nigga Asher Roth and Hamilton
We put the game over and we gon' win
They losin' the game if we choosin'
We off and playin' beer pong all day we boozin'
We choosin' the nice hoes, we tryna get it poppin' after every show

Asher:
I want to admit that I have a track for you
It's called "She Don't Want A Man"
I think you would... rap to
But I don't mean rap to, I need you on the hook
Shit, I hate to go outside the book, but look
I stole someone's Poland Springs, didn't mean to
I think it was yours and all, but shit, I'm just drinkin' to
Try to stay hyrdrated, you know all day
Hydroplane when I make my way to NY-hey-C
See me on MTV soon, but please, no drama to you
When I was in the Woodies, with the cool kids
We was chillin, I was in the same fuckin' Sperry's as these
Please, can't see me gettin' fuckin' cheese
But hey, in my pockets, these the same dirty jeans
I work for three weeks, same fuckin' jeans, same K-mart tee
I mean this is a K-mart sweatshirt that I haven't washed in two weeks, but fuck it, I'm fuckin' dirty as shit
But now it's off the top talkin' bout nonsense
I don't care cause it's all ral- relevant, hell of it
(Cudi starts hook)
Hell of this, fear this MC shit
So Cudi gonna give me a hook right here
There, for your ears
(Cudi restarts hook)
Crystal clear, it's enough, this is enough
So what, I don't give a fuck, where's my man Snuff at?
Snuffaluffagus, from Sesame Street, deep, you can't see me
I'm like The Beets and Doug Funnie
"The Killer Tofu" is oh who?
Who? Asher Roth, motherfucker, and now you knew

Cudi:
[Hook]
Hear them callin', me
And I ain't playin' no more
Say, oh I hear 'em callin', me
And I ain't playin' no more, hey
Now I will show you what's in store
Nigga further more, I'm that young boy out in the game, hey
And I can hear 'em callin'
And I can hear 'em callin'



Asher: There you go. You got -- You just got a whole song!
(I love it. I love it. I love it. Where's the applause? [cheering] That's what it is, baby. Peace out radio.)
Cudi: That hook was off the dome
Asher: Yeah, we love you enough
(Wait, was that really off the dome right there?)
Asher: That was love right there
Cudi: That hook was off the dome
Asher: That was love right there
(You guys are good people, man. I like to have real talk with you guys.)
Asher: But for real, yo, I came here because I was like, yo, let's do it