[Intro]: Kid Cudi

And I feel like you know
If you're gonna be an artist
Theres a time where you just have to you know
Embrace the responsibility
And understand that the power of music is something so special
And to be able to do it at this magnitude where you reach millions of people

[Verse]: King Reginald

First things first no one gives a fuck about you
Problem solved and now you know that
Know you'll hear some shit about you
Talk the talk but can't walk the walk
But I stay putting on blackboard to chalk
Different breed? Fuck you mean?
All you clones, same pair of genes
Same story
But they ain't heard the real from a lame boy
The type of dude who found comfort from a game boy
I be up all night same toy
They don't fuck with the kid that was tame coy
Now I'm grinding and riding
They're bumping my songs and it's getting me smiling
And I don't feel I'm useless
For us, man I do this
Ain't famous but least I'm just far from a loser


New me
It's like I got a new pair of black genes
Had to need me when them others didn't want me
Them girls and guys, nah they really didn't want me
Damn
New plan, now I got some new fans
Put me with the sharks and they can see that I got new hands
She still dance, and I ain’t got a single band
Maybe she just understands the kid has always been the man

Fuck boy lifestyle
Fuck around and don’t never wanna set down
Nah that’s a lie, truth be told I got a girl on my mind
Damn she so fine and I tell her all the time I could never tell a lie
(Yeah she cute)
Damn she's so fine, if I had her by my side then I know we'd be fire
(Me and you)
Woah
Blazing infernos, maybe I could take you out to Tokyo
Blazing infernos, I could see you stunt in a kimono
So where you wanna go though?
Where you wanna go though?
Flights in and flights out take these trips to Nepal
Fuck it I’ll say it her name is ...

[Skit]: Mandem + King Reginald

OH HELL NO
WOAH WOAH WOAH

You a bitch ass nigga? Like what the fuck is wrong with y'all
FOR WHAT? WHATS WRONG WITH...
I swear you're meant to be a savage? What are you doing? You actually fell off
I AM A SAVAGE WHAT ARE YOU TALKING AB...
You better sit your little stupid ass down. What would your father say
WHATS THIS GOTTA DO WITH MY DAD?
I can't believe you're doing this shit right here, man you got too many options out here bruh
WHY? JUST SH-SHUT UP BRYAN, LET ME FINISH THE SONG YEAH?

[Bridge]: King Reginald

Everytime I got this girl on my mind
I can see her fucking with my grind time
But she don’t fuck with me like that
So I write a song, try write her off then it’s back into that yak
UHH

[Verse 2]: King Reginald

Hit em with the hezzy
Flat family about to hit me with the Henny
Damn I wasn’t ready
Bottle's and bottle’s drink sorrows away
Till theses sorrows and sorrows get drunk every day
Suicide
No way I’m feeling like I’m too alive
This confidence got me feeling like who am I
Who am I?
The young god, no surprise
Putting in that mad work then crank it up to overdrive
Oh now they wanna fucking ride
The only ones whipping round with me is me myself and I
What do they do for me?
But still wanna be remembered through the glory
Now this The Suicide Story
They weren’t with me cooking in the laboratory

I'm good...... I'm alright
Yeah I said I’m good… I’m alright

[Outro]: Kid Cudi

Well I dealt with suicide
Um, for the past 5 years you know
Like there wasn't a week or a day that didn't go by where I was just like
You know. I wanna check out you know
And I know what that feels like
I know it comes from loneliness
I know it comes from not having self worth
Not loving yourself
Loneliness is a terrible terrible thing man
And if you don't know how to conquer it
It'll eat you alive

How are you right now?
I'm good
I'm alright