[Intro x2: Lil Fame]
Stand up! (Stand up! Stand up! Stand up!)

[Verse 1: Tragedy Khadafi]
Yo, flow aquatic, how I got it, neurologists can't spot it
When I rhyme like King Tut's tomb before his flesh rotted
Frank nephews in rhyme form, Osiris, verbal carnivore
We're marauders and riders, we're the greatest who did it
My cerebral is sick, I clap from the driver's side
While I'm steering a whip, the builders in my hood bleed
Every time that I spit, dead G's rise from the grave
Nobody raised me, I'm just a boss that's self-made
Salute the pedigree, never old school
Just a veteran in perfection, when I spit it
Like a nigga facing lethal injection
You ain't cut from the same fabric as Tragic
I ain't gotta rhyme, I breathe on a beat and it's a classic
Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ, but fuck that
I'm a modern-day messiah with mics
Master the flow hard, all I know is to go hard

[Hook: Lil Fame]
You're in the presence of a legend right now, so stand up! (Stand up!)
Don't violate, cause you get blammed up!
You're in the presence of a legend right now, so stand up! (Stand up!)
Don't violate, cause you get blammed up!
You're in the presence of a legend right now, so stand up! (Stand up!)
Don't violate, cause you get blammed up! (Stand up!)
Violate me and you get blammed up! (Stand up!)
Violate me and you get blammed up! (Stand up!)

[Verse 2: Tragedy Khadafi]
Yo, I rhyme like immortals and titans when I'm writing
Lighting striking a Vatican's Church is quite frightening
Sultan of the streets, Dalai Lama of rap
Queens back in the building were y'all never be at
Yeah, don't stop, get it, get it, to this game I'm committed
I write it and live it, spit it the most vivid
I am lyricism in its finest, your highness
When I'm rhyming like I'm fighting off a hundred lions
Tyrant in defiance, who's jumping from Mount Zion
Molecular structure make a swagged-out rapper suffer
Bang unexpectedly like meteors over Russia
Immaculate mac and all black, the villains struck, so
So, no matter what, no matter what shorty swallowed
The molly up, homey, but I ain't mad at her
I damage a Similac rapper who lacks stamina
The general is live on deck, I see him standing up

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tragedy Khadafi]
I don't know what their mind is on, spitting vagina monologues
We're the carnivores, and minor cause, what they rhyming for?
Smack a rapper back to B.C. like a dinosaur
Assassinate tracks like the Mobb did to Hyman Roth
Sick dialogue, predator rhyme, piranha jaws
Modern-day Rome is where we crucify you on a cross
Last of a dying breed, a rare species
My solo release sees impeccable thesis

[Hook]