[Introduction/Hook]
Cali! (x8)
I'm from Californa, ey! (x8)

[Verse 1: Hopsin]
My name is Hopsin and best believe I'm on a paper chase
Since I was a little nigga I been repping 818
See I hit the barber shop so I could get a taper fade
And floss on these niggas who always sipping that hater-aide
I be on that loony shit some say I'm a Luna-tic
Cause I like big fat booty chicks, what type of girls do you be with
Sorry for my randomness, beats I use 'em like canvases
Then I paint on my picture like I'm a hoodlum Evangelist
(Where you from) Los Angeles! Best believe we scandalous
If niggas popping off at the mouth we leave em in bandages
Everyone's always assuming that when I'm not rapping I be on that average shit
Even when I be away from the mic I'm still pulling out devious magic tricks
(Whoa!) I'm from Cali baby!
(Yes!) Will I ever leave?
(No!) We got the remedy
(Yes!) Can you feel the breeze?
(No!) Well maybe you should change the place you reside and come to the west side we'll surely leave you revived

[Hook:]

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
My name is SwizZzle and yes indeed I need my paper straight since I was a little homie I been repping 818
I got to the mall and window shop cause I ain't got no cake pockets on E I can't even buy a Minute Maid
You know I smoke that OG though blowing O's and spitting flows if you broke like we been I can get you for the low dough homes
I'm sorry for my goofiness girls I'll take one that's bootyless then go before that treasure like I am one of the Goonie
Kids
(Where you from) Los Angeles!
Best believe we rambling if he ain't wearing shoes I guarantee we'll snatch his sandals then
Everyone's always assuming that they can live large and be good in the music biz
Give em a second to make a new record and now they producing the stupid shit
(Hey!) Now what it do
(Ho!) We on the west
(Yeah!) I get it in
(No!) You're not a threat
(Whoa!) Now we can do without all you posers I will not make a thing cause I'm from southern California

[Hook:]

[Verse 3: Hopsin & SwizZz]
Let me out!
Let me in!
He can't do it
Yes he can
Fresher than some peppermint
If they ain't down then (F them them!)
I came here to wreck and save the state that the west is in
Excellent!
(Both) Stay up out our way that's what we recommend
Hopsin!
What SwizZz?
You know where I'm headed
Where?
To the beach I need your keys or I don't think I'm getting there
You can take my ride yo, but only if you (Drive slow)
Fuck that! I'm bending corners running from five-oh!
Don't do that, if you do that's gon' fuck up my life yo
Hop I thought you said you were insured by Survival! You be lying!
I know
Yo you kinda psycho!
I be enough to blow my fucking brain with a rifle
No you won't!
Yes I will!
C'mon dog let's be for real!
Why you think I'm playing? I'm telling you man this ain't a drill!
Well if you're going to do it just wait until your next verse and give us this minute so we can revive The West first!

[Hook:]