[Verse 1: SwizZz]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Someone tell Kimberly her new man looks like a horse
When niggas make it rain I’m scopping it off the floor
On all fours shit, I’m trying to save and buying an Accord
Ullo what’s up?
I’m here and ready to fuck
(SwizZzle, your girl's on the rag)
I know, it’s that time of month
Gotta get that lube out the trunk
Guess I'll be drilling her butt
(Nigga you nasty as fuck!)
Thomas I’m playing, shut up (Okay)
Back for a little bit better
I spaz with minimal effort
I used to chill in back of classes and sleep through every lecture
Thinking I had it made
I dug my own grave
But now I’m learning
Broke out of my shell
Took some advice and started working
On my crafts to bash the motherfuckers you look up to
Freestyling daily battling rappers in the lunch room
Niggas promote their music more than they make it
They makin' what they see on YouTube
Hoping they can get famous
(It's like)

[Hook]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
So I can go shopping and buy some shit I can’t afford
Someone tell Hop to stop downloading porn and busting nuts in a sock
Then putting them back in the drawer (Ew)
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Sitting Indian style my balls touch the floor
Tell Swizz Beats that my back is still sore, from doing the unthinkable with Alicia in my Ford
(Hit it)

[Verse 2]
Second verse, let’s bring it back
R.S.V.P where you at?
No boost mobile, you are local
Staying where the fuck you're at
Time's passing, no assist
Take a chance, homie take a risk
Fuck the world, hand all your shit
Pop a bean and titty-fuck a biatch
Why not? Let’s begin inside the box
Brain-dead by what you watch
Kennedy on fucking Fox
Cooler than an otter pop
I’m moving like a juggernaut
I’ll charge into your label blindfolded and throwing molotovs
Mazel Tov!
Who’s that nigga that doesn’t consider the grammar and wished to be motivation?
Rapping is cool
But rappers are fools for following trends on an everyday basis
You niggas are basic!
Like the cable at my crib
Here’s a recommendation: don't quit your day job (No!)

[Bridge]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Someone tell Dame that he’s a phoney CEO
This bitch got A-Cups' and wants me to motorboat
Fuck that!
I’m taking the route and hittin’ the dough
(Go)

[Hook]