[Intro]SwizZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!


[Verse 1: SwizZz]
Yo born again, fully resuscitated, took a break for a minute
Now I'm back, and I'm anxious ready to cop a squat!
On this mothafucking game don't toss me the toliet
Paper just hand me a list of names, I ain't fucking playing
I wipe my ass with it, then ball it up
Then throw it at your favorite rapper when I'm finished
Is money my incentive? well thats an easy answer no!
Im setting the precedence and raising the fucking standards
No more bubble gum kettle corn sweet niggas
To settle for I stomp em' dead on the floor fuck a metaphor
You wanna punchline? well my don't jab they blast, and blow minds
Homie come and co-sign, or get left like a southpaw doubt does kill don't let it be your downfall
Not a square I will not come around y'all
Since I'm it I might just have to clown y'all
Unfortunately for my opposition I put my degree on hold to place my dream in fruition
No more lecture halls no more over priced tuition just a microphone, a beat
A fifth of Jack that I'm clinching
Whats up? I reached your peak, and I just barley started
Your not a blood your wearing red because you work at target
Don't act dumb you smell that kush in the glove compartment girls basketballs a joke well I'mma L.A. spark it, yes! correct me if I'm wrong now
Alot of rappers promoted just don't belong out
I listen to the radio, and have to turn it down you are only in rotation
Cause your backed by money pal, it's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Thank you for the knowledge Nas, and that I will defend
The more you niggas suck the easier for me to rise yes you can make it rain
But you will not withstand the landslide
My word is what I stand by message first niggas
Cash second I'm the truth so I hurt niggas
Your not hard body your soft as nerf nigga
You see my blinkers on cause yes I'm turnt nigga!
My swag is on 1, 3, 5 I'm an odd little creature with creepy eyes
I admit I'mma flirt tell your girl I said hi
But don't worry if she text me I will not reply
Settle down player I don't wanna take your girl
I'm on a greater mission spitting bars, and tryna shake the world
Living simply swiking whisky till I fucking hurl
And getting blown climbing trees hanging with the squirrels
Do you, and I'mma do me for sure though
I rep the wild west like a cowboy Romo
My father is black but my mamas white as snow though
My niggas say they're hyphy but my dudes say there stoked bro
Of course I'm on I'm murdering verses on every song
Just take a big rip from the gravity bong
And put your mentality where it belongs
You rappers are wack, and be slacking to long
The angle your taking is wrong
The music your making has lowered the bar
And the fans have been fooled all along
The seasons changing, and it's our time to bloom
F.V. is in the house like a damn dining room
I'm setting like the table bout to lick my plate clean
Welcoming all the beef cause I could use the protein, now there