[Intro]
I go hard in the mothafuckin' paint nigga
I popped a boner in the pulse pass the rock to SwizZzle
Three z's go ahead and capitalize the middle
Baby jack me off with both hands double dribble

[SwizZz]
(SwizzzzzZz) rawr! lets rock!
I'm back like a hand ho get smacked
80 proof in my mug come and meet Jack
You take losses and beg for a rematch
I take offers and sign if my fees met, (GO!)
Fresh off tour snappin' in the booth goin' in like search and rescue, (GO!)
Raps a chore this ain't hard work I'll smash anybody that I'm next to, (STOP!)
These rhymes may not punch, but they sure might moleste you, (GO!)
When you walk in the park after dark all alone and take a dook in the public restroom, Yup!
I'm so bad Bebe' kid, skip my album buy my sextape Ray J Kim
Quit yapping you ain't bout shit ear muffs
I'm on the front line ready for war nigga gear up, (HA!)
The truth of the matter is no matter what your status is niggas will get x'd like dm,(HA!)
I emerged from the nerds in the burbs and now I'm calling the shots I'm FV's gm, (HA!)
I let the beat knock front door come let me in, (HA!)
I mark on my territory and pulling down my zipper open water I need a spot to pee in, Yup!
My flows bananas climb my monkey bars
I'm crusin' hollywood with a chopper shooting for the stars
What it do black
Look what you inspire
Your little brothers on the road to building an empire
I'm fueled by family pride each and every step
That's why I'll always keep it funky ew morning breath
You're short term you won't last in the long run
Shit DJ Khaled ain't the only guy who's on one, (No!)
The pressure is buildin' I got a feelin' you pickin' silly comments on what you really think about me, (Yeah!)
You ain't stoppin' my fajiggle go ahead and stomp on my decisisons I ain't tripping I thrive when niggas doubt me, (Yeah!)
I oblige you to up and leave you ain't shit without me, (No!)
This another message to you niggas who assume you goin' hard listen up you're truly lousy, Yup!
I'll split your melon, fruit salad
Your main girl is a runner, new balance
She expresses how she will love you till infinity
While you're at work she's with the postman, delivery (Bang!)
You put your faith in the bitch provide her with nice gifts to show you care (Yeah!)
You swear up and down to your homies she's the one you've been waiting for you can feel it in the air, (Yeah!)
You bought a diamond wedding ring totally unaware (Boom!)
She's addicted to the sticky shit that comes outta of a dick and gets fucked when you're not there, Yup!
My buzz is bubbling, lava lamp
Cause I'mma mothafuckin' monster, Gaga fan
I full mount beats, then ground and pound em'
I fuckin' black out, power outage
Baggage claim kush keeps my head spinnin' till I'm nauseous from vertigo
And have to see a physician
You don't have to like me but respect I'm not omitten
I'mma D one product from the big west division, yeeah