Lock, locked in another waged war
Add it up, you know what I came for
See, I love it when it rains cause it pours
Some bombs you can't ignore, my niggas deserve more
I am off the wall, parkour
I wish your ass was tiger, par four
Loose lips, I caught you behind closed doors
Everyone's about it when their in front of a keyboard
Yep, so put your fingers to work
No need to assert, I'm a beast [?]
The money is straight when you rap, but niggas it's principle first. I am going off
Hi Jarren, Hi hop, I might call the waitress at the local IHOP, if you don't let her take my order, A.K.A my cock, bend her over [?]
(pump it up!)
Joe Budden, fools got the urge to talk, but knows nothing, i'ma give it to you niggas like i owe something. Hey dudes, why does the spotlight shine on lane cruise? (Ha!)
There must be shortage of rappers, or my beauty game is looking like a gold mine
[?] that's the thing you rose when you co sign, better practice or become irrelevant in no time
So we can spot a guy from afar, your pussy decisions define who you are
It pops off and you're yelling Worldstar!
Taking footage form you phone and pray to get up out the car
Well shit i hope you got a pretty good view when you keep your hand steady so the camera doesn't move cause if you ain't gunna help that's the reason you could do, supply the 1080 footage and upload it to youtube. (alright!)
How about, How about, you fucking with me? i doubt it. (look!) even the [?] got me dumb founded
SwizZzle Fish, that's the water and you're drowning! make your way around it! there ain't no life guard on duty, to save you they judge me like Judy, i handle it coolly and keep this shit moving the hating can get [?] whatever, cos i am not looking
(ya) you probably want me to stop, and get excited when i tell you I got nothing to drop, niggas really looking nervous, better cling to your spot like it or not i'ma cut through everything you got, and i hate to be the nigga to tell you that everything you deliver makes listeners bitter to the point they wanna hick up there dinner, swallow liquor place your face in the blender, or pick up a pen and cock it back and toss the shit at the system
Lets carry on like luggage, stays with his mum but at the club throwing hundreds, tell me that ain't the definition of a dummy
On top of your image of money this shit ain't funny for real though! niggas nab millions and are still broke, ill be your  [?] spending money before you get it? [?] i check mics like [?] got fans waiting on a single no. base hit, your chick wants to like like baked chip, but she is a dude and SwizZzle isn't with the gay shit (no!)
I supported for [?] my flow is harder than raising 4 kids up when i'm away, every second's special, so cherish every memory that you make, cos the ship is sinking and ain't nobody safe, lets play (wooo!)
See its murder for profit, we set the planet on fire, sit back and watch it! [?] better wake the fuck up, before you drift off and not wake the fuck up, things will get worse before they can get better (word!) till the 26th letter, Z'd up!