Its been 8 months of chaos, hoping my patience would pay off, and you would come back in my life. b
Ut you've made some new friends and something in you has changed now its apparent i can see it in your eyes
Remember i got you your first job at the movies, or doing country time with boomy? what about throwing the tennis ball for kooky, or snuggling at the animal farm while we did moonies?
Oh flash back know i had to ask that, remember we made you wrestle and you almost tapped Matt?
Dressed in all black with that gold tie though, my hood rat baby sweetheart and sweet mash potatots, remember when  you had bracers, going hard with t money at Brian house getting wasted
Me and Eric did what? or you and Kevin did what? now we were wild as fuck, young and tearing shit up
Remember playing knock out in your backyard? or our very first kiss on the back seat of Bron's car
I remember it like yesterday whipping a [?] and finally made the move and took your breathe away
Do you remember laying in your dads truck at night, staring at the stars dance, laughing while i held you tight, Slurpee sipping giving each other relationship advice
Remember when you missed my basketball game cause you had the [?] what about our rendezvous to [?]
Had to lie to your parents and keep it on the D-low girl
Went to our first rave together nervous as we dropped the tab, tripping out with J and Jess pumping fist like [?] girl
I ain't done, remember eating those brownies and smoking an hour later cause we though they were lousy? woke up at 5 in the morning thinking we're 'bout to die, pulled over and got real nauseous, yacking at the same damn time
Ha, that was crazy remember
Bass Lake bumping 10 to 10 with Casey, numerous crews passing blunts backward after waking lifting cups one time round to but shaking [?]
Who like Jeffrey Campbell, spiking up or doing chills remember swiping a little [?] off the windshield, or boomers first time at the vet funny how loud he squealed [?] remember how slick Ben would type only using 2 fingers? remember when i came to visit you in San Diego? and brought my whole squad [?] like we romping lets go! we had Jarred talking to lamp, Michael knocking neighbors, you just had your stomach pumped, I was blacked on the couch, tossing Cheezos everywhere, drunk and dumb but didn't care, left your place a mess and thought for sure that we were done from there
Hold Up! what about that first trip that I made to San Diego state, whipping down the 8 0 5 to see your face, [?] freshman, i got meet your entire floor, taking shots with Dan, you singing journey till our throat was torn. Met the homie Daniel Jackson, met the little homie Daniel, crawling under the ping pong table while [?] was getting hot
Before Nikita lost all that weight and Helena and her high school sweetheart Joel, used to date
Wait, let me get loose girl, yep, time to attack [?] here's a reminder just case you fucking forgot about me, or F-U-N-K V-O-L-U-M-E second  [?] why would you tell your family that I'm a threat? cheat on me at fucking Coachella and lie to all our friends, think I care about these lame niggas you fucking?
Hell no they're not Justin, hell no they mean nothing, I know you don't love them like you love me! they cannot hold you, can't hug you, can't touch you like me, fuck you like me! [?] Yep! and being concerned is a threat, you better watch out cause I'm worried to death cause I love you girl, yep! you better watch out cause I'm worried to death cause I love you girl