[Intro: KayR]
(Everything we do is just solid)
Yo, KayR
(Everything we do is just solid)
Funk Volume
Hey SwizZz
(Everything we do is just solid)
You think we got this?
(Everything we do is just solid)
Yeah, me too
Ugh. Yo

[Verse 1: KayR]
Yup I'm going harder
Than a martyr. I've been darting since the start of the border
And I'm heading straight for your eardrums
Here comes fear. Dumb kids get speared. Run
And place the beat in a casket
Yup it's going down like a baby in a basket
Drastic measures must be taken
No Liam Neeson. I'm squeezing a beat up until it's breaking
Quaking. What the heck you think was gonna happen?
I'm a psycho watching poetry with rubber bands. Snapping
Slapping those who rapping. Getting on their tracks and lapping
If they napping then I get to smacking, cracking, stabbing, wacking
Packing preposterous. Popping off of the top with this
Polished plop that'll never stop and get dropped or impoverished
No collar, kids. I'm off the leash so you can call it quits
Cause I'm finished with your college kid politics. Unh

[Hook]
Everything we do is just solid
Better acknowledge or go back to college (college)
Cause we keep it so polished
Got ya gassed up, you can check your mileage (ha ha ha)

Everything we do is just solid
Better acknowledge or go back to college (college)
Cause we keep it so polished
Got ya gassed up, homie you can check your mileage

[Verse 2: KayR]
Solid as cement trucks. You think that you can dent us?
We got the patent on this game like we is the inventors
You can't stand us. Stand down to stand-up guys
We lean like kickstands on slammed up bikes
Jammed up tight deep inside of your mindset
We so crisp like the vibe and the hi-hat
Divide and decide that the knife is inside that
Heart of the beat. At the end is where it's life's at
"God darn it, Kay. Why'd you go and harm it?
It's looking like Pearl Harbor now and there is no Josh Hartnett
You can't stop it once you start it!"
Got 'em banging on the ceilings like bad neighbors in apartments
LARPing. These kids, are all about that role play
No bakery games, I'm baking lames up with a cold spray
Like a fire hose. I fire those old fakes
Solid cause I'm going hard. Do not try to hold Kay

[Hook]

[Verse 3: SwizZz]
Well look. Somebody gassed you up saying, "you hot!"
You think you are but you're not, nobody wants you to drop
That bullshit album you got, you know it will flop
Like long titties with no bra. You ain't earning a spot
Up in this rap game. (Hey!) Back back mang. (Why?)
Cause I'm tossing grenades out the driver side when I pass lanes (Woo!)
I act strange. Smack lames. Attack, maimed
Every school teacher that tried to give me a bad grade (Eh!)
FV is the name of the label. I'm fulling willing and able
To give it to you from all different angles
Before you know what hit you you'll have a hole in you the size of a bagel
Getting strangled and slammed through a glass table
Hahaha. That's a laugh for your bitch ass
You don't get cash, you get bullied. You lick ass
And get harassed by niggas like me and KayR
We solid like Snake. Got the game open, ajar
Chea

[Hook]

[Verse 4: KayR]
I'm like Colossus in the process of transformation
Process the information, I'm a monster that's raging
Paging the doctor I've got rigamortis
I'm alive and well but I'm making rappers porous
I'll have a staring contest with Medusa
Find Mr. Freeze's wife and try and abuse her
I'm magma, lava thrown in the cooler
Put me in the cryogenic freezer for a few. Uh
Thinking with your brain? Well I'm training you to
I'm going hard in the game like clay from Cranium do
I'm draining you dudes with unattainable moves
Start an all out war and start invading your booths
I'm a statue. I lasso yahoos with a gat who
Thought that made them hard. I surpass. I don't match you
Crash you. We solid. You could check the concept
KayR and Swizzle with the hip-hop bomb threat
Unh

[Hook]