[Intro]
Now look what we have here
Fan requested track number 3, Swag!

[Hook]
I’m swaggin', I’m swaggin', I’m swaggin' (now do it do it)
On a level most niggas can’t imagine, (I do it do it)
I can't read but my outfits matching(FV motha fucka!)
I can't spell but the paper I'm stacking (let's go!)

[Verse1]
FV is the regime, and SwizZzle's an extremist
I'm strapped with explosives on my way to your local cleaners
As soon as I see your nanny take your drawers out the dryer
I'm tapping her shoulder and I'm detonating behind her
Back so I'ma start it up, make sure you check your blind spot I'm coming for your ass and architecting your pine box Premeditated murder, I've been secretly plotting
While you were enjoying lavish trips to Jacobs, chain shopping
Know it's on now, the little nigga hit the set
With a few words I can't hold back, I must release up off my chest
Seems to me we have a major case of [?]
Every nigga is a copycat from the way they sound to the way they dress
What is this? I don't know, [?] can you fill me in?
A lot of garbage hit the airwaves in 2010
The fake shit makes me cringe, therefore I don't buy in
Tell these pussy artist corporate motherfuckers recommend
I'd rather listen to Deadmau5 and pop a pokey
And find a hipster chick that has a tongue like Yoshi
I spit shit grossly unaffected by the dollar sign
Money's not the motive
A petty price tag won't change my mind, nah

[Hook]
I’m swaggin', I’m swaggin', I’m swaggin' (now do it do it)
On a level most niggas can’t imagine, (I do it do it)
I can't read but my outfits matching(FV motha fucka!)
I can't spell but the paper I'm stacking (let's go!)

[Verse 2]
Louis Gucci this, Gucci Louis that
Prada is my dog, Dolce is my cat
I take 'em to the Beverly Center when I'm dropping raps
Black cards swiping fast, popping tags
It ain't tricking cause I got it like that
Oh no you're very mistaken
It doesn't take a lot to witness the devastation
Homes foreclosing, families can't afford the payments Politicians are puppets working for corporations
I seen niggas with degrees and PhD's
From ranked UC's bartending at Applebee's
Topping off daiquiris and picking up extra shifts
Cause the school they invested in ain't helping them with shit
Education is a trick, kids are only getting dumber
And we sit back and we wonder how little B's doin' numbers
And morons like Joe the Plumber fight bills that only help him
We negate science when it proves the planet's melting
Rednecks swear that our president is Muslim
Lobbyists rig elections and nobody does nothing
Alcohol's okay yet we criminalize weed
And we been sacrificing our sons and daughters since '03 We're trapped in a war that never should've happened
It's been eight damn years and we're still funding the madness
Uncle Sam is pumping money to a hopeless situation
While Americans are fixed on pumping fists with The Situation

[Hook]
I’m swaggin', I’m swaggin', I’m swaggin' (now do it do it)
On a level most niggas can’t imagine, (I do it do it)
I can't read but my outfits matching(FV motha fucka!)
I can't spell but the paper I'm stacking (let's go!)