[Verse:1 PFV]
I press that mute button they talking loud just be quiet
I show my TRUE COLORS when I eat beats I don't diet (dye-it)
I'm out of the red and now my ex (X) is blue like the confederates
I am incredulous to all you liars
And man I'm so tired of grinding to stay on my balance
They talking that shit through the wire
But never about it they scared of the lion
Got speed for the takeoff I'm angled to fly it
I'm higher than ever I strangled the pilot
Provided with iron; I'm aiming for higher and turning what's plain (plane) into something designer
I know that they got it, they know that I do
Loyal to fans and my friends from the fire to ashes
I'm stacked to the roof
Your career's the backseat of a coupe....
I'm effervescent not next to best and I'm definitely gon' pop
They stressin' now so in retrospect they gon' second guess when they drop
That's that pressure on 'em they flop like loosing they footing when jumping off docks
And man I stay putting all on for my stocks
And all of my city is with me they locked
I don't chill cause I'm too cold
I'm on fire with the roof gone
Glass-jaw motherfuckers with their tooth gold...
I break glass like Tuco
They fall like a base jump do
I stay 98 plus 2. (100)

[Chorus: PFV]
What's a king to a rap god?
Why they focused on the backdrop?
What's a have to a have not?
Motherfucker that's cross-hairs on they target and they ask not they shoot
That's lined up and they shoot
I'm lined up and they shoot but I fire back SHOOT!

[Verse 2: PFV]
Been a year on year off
But bitch it's my turn like I veered off
And know I stay hard but appear (a peer) soft
I go bananas I peel off....
I know that I gotta be the one to run the game
No sense wondering
Once I come to fame;
Never gonna give it up and never gonna run away got this underway man
I can't wait for the weigh in
They make way for my way in
Now I got two white chicks no Wayans and make ends meet
Thank god for the grace and speed that I have been gifted with
Fire precision and I'm in the place to be
I stand on my own two feet

And I stopped writing these songs for these critics
And all of these fiends
'Cause I learned that when you mix feelings
And business you get a nightmare out of beautiful dreams

[Chorus: PFV]
What's a king to a rap god?
Why they focused on the backdrop?
What's a have to a have not?
Motherfucker that's cross-hairs on they target and they ask not they shoot
That's lined up and they shoot
I'm lined up and they shoot but I fire back SHOOT!