[Verse 1: Dizzy Wright]
I do shows niggas write me checks
I hit the club who gon' like me next
I never fuck around with these hoes
I stay on the low switch it up bitch you might be next
Bad attitude but it's cool because I stay to myself
You dealing with it then you playing yourself
I got a lot of anger in my heart so I came for the check
But I swear that I'll remain to myself
The angel of death lives in the hellhole with the madness
Where niggas only settle for the average
Niggas rather talk about it then be about it
If you think about it we're all living life in a habit
Yeah smoke weed try and match us
Spark up conversation with fat blunt
Divide this shit and make it all add up
Live life and laugh a little about the bad stuff (Hell Yeah!)
When I hit your city better have that shit
Pick that up and we gon' blow it down
See I've been traveling a lot cause you fucking with the dizzy
To figure out which city really gon' hold me down
They didn't know, I guarantee they know me now
Same niggas that used to hate wanna show me round
Ho sit down
I don't fuck around with these niggas that one bitch screaming
(Dizzy tried to choke me out!)
Got love for my nigga Hop
You want it with him come and try and get him
My lyrics will hit them when I'm sending shots
I been out what you been 'bout
You ain't did shit you've been in a drought
Sitting in a house
I've been running in and out of my city
Getting gritty
They call me Dizzy I'm the Diddy of my city now
Groupies popping they titties out
Didn't smile but I get it now
Now when I get it in when I'm gettin' out

[Hook: SwizZz & Dizzy Wright]
(Who want it!)
Killing my opponents
Niggas sound good till these niggas get up on it
From the underground and we only make a little bit of money
Make a difference even if it's for the moment and we tell 'em
(Who want it!)
Killing my opponents
Niggas sound good till these niggas get up on it
From the underground and we only make a little bit of money
Make a difference even if it's for the moment and we tell 'em
(Who want it!)
Niggas sound good on the track
Till we really show these niggas what's good on the track
(Who want it!)
Niggas get caught up in the hype
And the hype don't even have you good on the map
(Who want it!)
Niggas sound good on the track
Till we really show these niggas what's good on the track
(Who want it!)
Niggas get caught up in the hype
When the hype don't even have you good on the map

[Verse 2: SwizZz]
Nigga take a seat cause we're on
Tell me how the show look from the back
Let's hit the bar grab a couple of drinks
Pull up a chair sip a little and just relax
We're taking over nigga don't get mad
You had the same shot but you blew it
Like your ex-girl did your best friend
In your own condo but never knew it (Heangh)
I know how unfortunate
Why you talk about shit you can't afford to get?
Shut your lips, no I ain't endorsing shit
I'm blessed to receive but I've got more to give
So who want it? (huh?) Cause I got that
I'm filling your lanes no spots back
I'm probably high off of contact
Cause Dizzy roll up the bomb sack
(Whack!) Watch out I'm coming out swinging
Like a couple in a menage
You might wanna reconsider your next move
You slip up and you'll have to pay the motherfucking cost
I could easily take a loss and shake it off
It's the ones who don't make sense that want to talk
It's the niggas that don't got shit that want to floss
Show out, stunt hard like a motherfucking boss (Please!)
Nobody cares 'bout what you got
What kind of car you push when you leave the lot
You say you're that hot I'll come and take your spot
And guarantee you will never see the fucking top
It's like that (buddy), backpack (buddy)
SwizZzle's in this bitch and I'm fresh like Olay!
I don't see no way for you to hate but do your thing
Cause all we're gonna ask is, Hey!

[Hook]