[Intro: T-Bone]
I tried to be there but you wouldn't let me in
Before hustlin', we were friends

[Verse 1: Sha/Tru]
Damn, what a price to pay
Shows the thought you can't take away
Now, forever, sleep is where your body lay
Restin' in peace is what I hope and pray
Shit, what I won't tell your moms
As she breakin' down in a brother's arms
But she don't know the truth, so I throw on the charms
"He started buggin', callin' in to work
Captain of the fiends so they called him Kirk
After he got caught, he got real berserk
Found out he was smokin' from who gave him work
I wanted to be the first one to tell you that
Your not son only sold but he used crack
And this is somethin' that I can't believe
Comin' from a Prince Amongst Thieves

[Hook: T-Bone]
Sometimes I wondered but I didn't understand
Just where you were trying to go, only you in the plan
I tried to be there but you wouldn't let me in
Before hustlin', we were friends

[Verse 2: Sha/Tru]
I thought it woulda been better if I'd just let him be
But he started showin' two faces: one for you, one for me
I watched him change, shit was missing, which was strange
Leave on the train, get dropped back off in a Range
Our friendship taking a back seat to cocaine
Lookin' at your mommy, I too can feel your pain
Your son, my man, addicted to crack
What in the world would have pushed him to do that?
A god-fearin' boy is how you raised him
Mommy, don't blame yourself, on you, I give praise
Raisin' two kids, struggling all alone
Taking what life had to offer ya head-on
He chose to take the route of a loser
A cocaine seller, a cocaine user
Reality's sometime hard to believe
But who ever thought it woulda happened
To the Prince Among Thieves?

[Hook: T-Bone]
Sometimes I wondered but I didn't understand
Just where you were trying to go, only you in the plan
I tried to be there but you wouldn't let me in
Before hustlin' we were friends
There's a place for thugs like me
There's a place for thugs
There's a place
There's a place for thugs like me

[Bridge: Prince Paul]
What ya wanna do son, how do you feel?
Livin' in a life when everything is real
What ya wanna do son? Yo, what's the deal, yo?
Livin' in a life when everything is right
What ya wanna do son, how do you feel?
Livin' in a life when everything is real
What ya wanna do son? Yo, what's the deal, yo?
Yo, what's the deal, yo? Yo, what's the deal?

[Verse 3: Sha/Tru]
I never thought that losin' you would've left an empty space
In my heart, when I pour me out, it ain't going to waste
And every time I see your son, I remember your face
I'm locatin', minding my way, raising him like he was mine
I mean the joy he brings me kinda hard to define
Knowin' how tight we was, how shit coulda been
You was more like my brother but that fried me in
And since you can't now your son has someone to depend on
So take this, son, and rest in peace
I wish you woulda known how I felt 'fore you was deceased
Or gave this shit enough time to get released
Every time I hear "Prince," I'ma remember you
"Among Thieves," what the fuck I put you through?

[Interlude: Sha/Tru]
Man, the messed up part about all this is, I gotta live in this screwed-up world without you...

[Hook: T-Bone]
Sometimes I wondered but I didn't understand
Just where you were trying to go, only you in the plan
I tried to be there but you wouldn't let me in
Before hustlin', we were friends

[Outro: T-Bone]
It's not my fault that you're gone
It's not my fault that you're gone
It's not my fault that you're gone, that you're gone
It's not my fault that you're gone
Six feet under is where you're gone
I'm gonna carry my all on my own
Six feet under is I'm going
We'll be friends again, we'll be friends again, all along
I'm gonna meet you one day, I'm gonna meet you one day
I'm sorry you're gone, but I gotta...