[Warren G]
Check this out, this Warren G, y'know what I'm sayin'?
Chillin' with my man Slick Rick, you know?
And we gonna give you all a little tale about this jail stuff
You know? So Rick, why don't you run it homie? Yeah

[Verse 1: Slick Rick]
"In the slammer, kid!" "But I'm innocent!", Lord played witty
Wasn't havin' any pity, now in Razor Blade City
Cry, suppose the situation seen mad eyes of foes
Drives a Rolls, "Hey, yo, money, what size are those?"
Need to phone me to another sprang up, hmm, to gang up
On this kid housin' the phone like he didn't know how to hang up
Would be hard, though
Up to a minute or so and then yells, "Time on, and when you get Your commissary, buy this and that or else I'm gonna"
Be on that ass and won't stay off, extort, fig I say, way off
Beaten death, you ain't protectin' me, forgot today's my day off
Hold my head and drift the Sumo weigh in knots and cars
Instead of sittin' here accumulatin' cuts and scars behind bars

[Hook]
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
"This type of shit happens every day"
"See, some punk locked up to get beat down
Raped down, till his booty is broke down"
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
"This type of shit happens every day"
"Riots, melees and disturbances of the peace"

[Verse 2: Warren G]
Mr. Slick Rick, let me take it for a second
And tell a short tale about the L.A. county jail
9500, that was the lock up
When the lights got dim, it was time for the sock-up
Jackin' for the money, back-stab was my mission
If a riot jumped off, it's time for incision
Stickin' niggas here and stickin' niggas there
I turned around and looked and seen cops everywhere
Jackin' brothers up, slappin' brothers up
If you got blood on yo' clothes, lock up!
High-powered was the level, level fo'
Niggas sentenced to life and you can't be no hoe (biaatch!)
Or you get tooken with homies overlookin'
Esés next door with the Puma, straight cookin' (Come here, homes)
Lighten up the whole module
Huh! God damn, yeah, another squabble

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Slick Rick]
What fight? The nigga trip, C.O. the rest he might scared
But couldn't squeal, I's like, "Officer, that nigga right there"
Now, if he ain't get me his friend's will, needed a utensil
It turned out, I had to stab him in the eye wit a pencil
State of shock, he made a yell, I said, "Ah, what you want traitor?"
C.O. puts me in the bin, I'll say about a month later
Back in population, didn't matter that his friends tensed
The phone prints, the years added to the sentence
Still chillin' and all of that and I escaped when I didn't think
So, don't hit the sto' 'cause they made a rape attempt
Thank goodness, failed, call out next, he wailed out
Here go the C.O., "Ricky Walters, pack up, you're bailed out"
The C.O. couldn't see the rape, the kid'll snitch mass figure
Fast trigger, you'll be back, you little bitch ass nigga
Au revoir, back to datin' sluts and stars
At least for now, no more accumulatin' cuts and scars behind bars

[Hook x2]