[Intro]
Uh hahah. Wipeout
Directly from the sector of Bach. We plug you into the tape. Record!

[Hook]
Comedy skit (uh huh)
Drama skit (okay okay)
Movie skit (kinda like that one)
Double skit (wait a minute, that's you)
Mase skit (hold up hold up, that's me)
Pos skit (you mean my man with the specs?)
Dub skit (hold up hold up it's that Double Huey Skit)

[Prince Paul]
Microphone check one two three
Now this is how a hype beat should be
Beat be slammin', people be lamin'
Movin' and groovin' to the beat
Now don't mistake me for no singer
Not a drug sellin', crime felon swinger
I grab the mic and I chat though despite my handicap
I cut it up with just three fingers
Some people might think I'm strange
Some even say derange
But that don't matter, that's just chatter
Movin' like I'm insane
It's as hot as it gets
Wear the cap if it fits
You know when, Double B will pen on a tune that goes like this

[Interlude]
Geeeeez. Oh my God! I don't believe it, I don't believe it. Double B and Mase, rhymin'? Rhymin'?
Word up. They ran away to the studio and did a little something behind our backs but it sounds good. It sounds groovy. It sounds real real good. Alright, continue. Stop the tape again

[Prince Paul]
Peace to the Bill Posse
Strong Island community
We got much in store, you heard hardcore
Prince Paul, Plug 1, 2, 3

[Maseo]
It's been a while but I'm wit it
Chose a style that fitted
No time to max, put it on wax, next thing ya know it had hit it
Not enough money can buy me
Not a duck MC can try me
Take this as a hunch, I'm packin' a punch
From '89 to the 1990's
Beginning a trend so let's set it
If you don't have a nine you'll get it
Stomp your feet and move to the beat and everything will be copacetic

[Interlude]
Hey hey this is Jeff remember me? Ain't you guys Plug 1, Plug 2?
Beat it kid, this ain't the Brainwash Skit. This is the Double Baby Huey Skit
So what? Now you got DJ's rapping?
They're not DJ's. Nah. They're PA's. PA's man. Get outta here. You don't know what you're talking about, get outta here. Beat it. Go bother somebody else. Now let's get back to the skit. Word up

Haaaaa....it....hit
Baaaaa....it....bit
Faaaaa....it....fit
Skaaaa....it....Skit! Hahahaahha!

Yo Mase you know there's a lot of skits I like out there
Yeah Double I know what you mean
You know like Jungle Skit
But I like that De La Skit
What about Prince Paul Skit?
But I like that Latifah Skit
And the 45 King Skit
But it's about Monie Love Skit
And can't forget Red Alert Skit
It-it-it-it-it-it yeaaaah

{Beeping}
Wait a minute. That's my beeper, I gotta call my Skit. See ya later
Hahahahah. Heeeeheee wipeout! Oh my God we are buggin'! Hahahahaha. It's OVEEEER!