[Intro: Sadat X/Convict 2]
Oh my goodness! Look what they sendin through nowadays! Ah, it's a light-weight! And he got a smirk on his face like he's all of that! Yeah, well, we gone see what it is!

[Verse 1: Xzibit/Convict 1]
What you in for? Everything under the sun
Recently, got me first degree wit a hot gun
That's my third strike, so Xzibit can't go home
Fight to see Daylight like Sylvester Stallone
Don't ask too many questions, nigga, keep that on the d-low
My family might mistake you for an undercover C-O
Last one that tried didn't make it past booking
Five times in the neck when everybody was looking

[Verse 2: Sadat X/Convict 2]
You see the judge, but he don't budge
That's your third felony, I believe, strike three
Remanded and stranded, to the cold steel granite
Lost to the world, your moms and your girl
Keep your weight up, or your ass get ate up
Cats is stickin, straight up wit the shank, get more time in the tank
Ask Hank, he bout to bank, killed a cop with high rank
They gave him life and now another cat is fuckin his wife

[Verse 3: Xzibit/Convict 1]
Just because I'm locked down don't mean the hustlin stop
Heroin and pen joints, twenty dollars a pop
You a new recruit, so today, I'm letting you slide
But tomorrow, you'll be confronted with twos in the side
If you a smart motherfucker, you'll be falling with mine
Behind bars, no bitches and cars, we only got time
Where I'm from, time is money and got neither to waste
Once in a while, catch a Canaanite in the wrong place
BEAT HIM DOWN! Break the strongest hand, piss in his face
Strike fear, play the rear, 'fore he catchin a case
Low-class, got a dozen free visitors pass
Plus the female C-Order wanna give me some ass

[Hook: Sadat X/Convict 2]
This is your new home, boss, where you survive at all costs
And if you don't, well, it's only your loss
You're only here 'cause you tried to floss and be the boss, ha
Handle your time like a man, yo
This is your new home, boss, where you survive at all costs
And if you don't, well, it's only your loss
You're only here 'cause you flossed and was the boss, ha
Handle your time like a man

[Verse 4: Xzibit/Convict 1]
So it's my twenty-third birthday (Yay!), drinkin Pruno
You know no matter what it take, we gotta celebrate
Fuck stayin straight, hair braided by this Muslim cat
Regulate the whole yard, now we got the straps
Niggas say, "Who the fuck is that?" The X-Man, rowdy
Gettin treated like the feds in the county
Correctional facilities, basically you don't wanna fuck wit these
Murders and felonies keep you company (YEAH!)

[Interlude: Kidd Creole/Convict 3]
And yes y'all, come on in! All ya brand new, heifer, sissy, soft booty-ass shook niggas! Yeah, bitch, welcome to Central Booking! A sleepover for pimps, producrt hustlers, drug slingers, and gun clappers, even bitch-ass, shook-ass niggas like y'all! Get on your game! And by the look on your Mary Carey, kitten-ass faces, niggas about to beat you all down to the last stop!

[Verse 6: Sadat X/Convict 2]
I'm all good, as I telephone my hood
At first I was shook, tried to play by the book
But you can't bid your time by stayin in the cell
I'm getting high every day like I was still on the corner
Where I'm in fat pink caps, New York to California
Making deals for mils, holding cigarette lottos
Givin cats pills, and tell em, "Yo, try those!"
Niggas try to scheme but my team is tight
We as shady as the night and bring fright to sight
Hey you be aight, but don't act like no sucka
Ain't you ain't got to be the wildest mothafucker
Use control, put a cat in a hole if he's broke
And let em know, I just wanna serve my time and go
And flow, lay low, try to grab some dough
Ayo, I ain't tryin to jail, somebody post my bail

[Hook: Sadat X/Convict 2]
This is your new home, boss, where you survive at all costs
And if you don't, well, it's only your loss
You're only here 'cause you tried to floss and be the boss, ha
Handle your time like a man, yo
This is your new home, boss, where you survive at all costs
And if you don't, well, it's only your loss
You're only here 'cause you flossed and was the boss, ha
Handle your time like a man

[OUTRO/CONCURRENT MONOLOGUES]

CONVICT 2: Yo man, shh... it's real, man. I need some new kicks man. Somebody slide me some money, man, or something, man. I ain't get no letters, man. Niggas forgettin about me, man, you knahmsayin'? S'posed to be my crew.. Can't even make collect phone calls, man! Tryna jam me on collect calls now. Nobody ain't home, nobody wanna write me, I ain't got nuttin to read, you knahmsayin'? Ain't nobody put no money on my books... It's like I'm starving in here, man. This ain't no fun! This ain't no fun!

CONVICT 3: Oh what? Oh, shut the fuck up! Nigga, what? You gon' be my bitch tonight, man, what! I'll poke y'all, don't come on the island! Don't be on the island when I get there, motherfucker!
What! Ah, um! You will be mines tonight, motherfucker! Mines, you hear me? You'll be mines tonight, motherfucker! Don't fall asleep tonight, bitch!

[*footsteps approaching*]