[Intro: Sample]
And now for my next number
I'd like to return to the classics
Perhaps the most famous classic

[Verse 1: Posdnuos (Breeze/Tariq) {Dave}]
Yo, yo, excuse me, I heard the word from word of mouth
That you were into booking flights
My travel agent took a trip up north
And I need to book a flight tonight
I enjoyed a getting away from day-
To-day stress so I need to leave, soon!
(If that's a case, I have no space
But for later I'd be sure to leave)
Nah, nah, that's not gonna do, I know that you
Can find another flight leavin the same time
I need to get aboard. I can't afford
Any penalties to sit in the main cabin
{Yo, that didn't rhyme} It doesn't matter
(What does is the money
Show the cash and the ticket is yours)
Cool! Here's your green, now I'm up outta the scene
But I'll be back to purchase some more, jewels

[Chorus: De La Soul]
(I like it) More than you know it
(I like it) More than you know it
(Do you want me, baby?) I want some mo'!
(Do you want me, sugar?) I want some mo'!
(I like it) I like it! (I like it) I love it!

[Verse 2: Posdnuos]
Now I'm comin down outta the clouds
And I'm runnin into turbulence, need to get up
Up higher again, feelin like my soul's on fire again
Don't need no belt for safety
Show me where the safe be, so I can take me another trip
To the agency, cause the travel unravel my woes
But now the craving grows, so
I need to get a ticket cause, man, oh I
Need to get aboard a plane again, some
Say I'll crash, but It's my life and cash
Gonna ride it out until the end, numb
To the lift of the whiff, grown, when I vacate frequently
And I got frequent flyer, when I retire to death
Tell 'em that the big C sent me and a lot
Of brothers, man, I'm not the only brother
At the airport, needin a lift, off
Was a agent 'til I was caught and brought
To an unfair court, pleadin the fifth, soft
Ground I prefer upon the mound
When I pitched a rock for a fee
Now others say standing at the bat isn't where it's at
But taking hits is where I'd rather be

[Verse 3: Dave (Pos)]
Ayo, my cousin used to tell me 'bout this dime named Addie
Hustled with the big boys who pushed the Caddy
See, when I was young, I was told to stay clear
But sometimes, she pitched her game in my ear
Told me 'bout the ways she'd make me feel good
Bragging 'bout how she controlling the hood
Not me, I'm just a youngin' interested in the streets
(But in the future, I think Addie had plans for me)

[Chorus: De La Soul]
(I like it) More than you know it
(I like it) More than you know it
(Do you want me, baby?) I want some mo'!
(Do you want me, sugar?) I want some mo'!
(I like it) I like it! (I like it) I love it!

[Verse 3: Dave (Pos)]
Now I bagged this chick but she got me wide
Made me lose my friends and my pride
Had me cashing my checks for her
Lost all my self-respect for her
When I was broke, she'd go solicit other guys
And if we made love, you could see it in my eyes
My fantasy was one day to be a millionaire
So I could reassure that my baby girl was there
I could feel her love, son, I taste it in her lips
Mentally, she was a trip, had a nigga whipped
A lot of other cats got strung out in the past
But I'ma get the love last, then I make the dash
That's what I thought, but Miss Thing was too appealing
When I had no dough for her, she had a nigga stealing
(Hands hot) Now I'm incarcerated, honey ain't around
Into withdrawal from her, while I'm locked down
(Two years done) I hear she's still a thick dime (Word)
Controlling niggas pockets and even ladies' minds
(Here she come) I'ma ignore her with her tempting proposition
(Approaching me) But when she said, "Hi," I had to listen
I'm sweating beans cause I know I'm gonna bait her
(Better do it now cause you're bound to do it later)
I can't refuse her, my denial's a wish
Fell into her arm when I gave her a kiss, cause I liked it!

[Chorus: De La Soul]
(I like it) More than you know it
(I like it) More than you know it
(Do you want me, baby?) I want some mo'!
(Do you want me, sugar?) I want some mo'!
(I like it) I like it! (I like it) I love it!