[DIALOGUE]
TARIQ: What? Shit, I could definitely sell for y'all brothas. We could all get this money. Get paid, I'm just— I'm just tryin to get down wit y'all brothas. Y'all brothas got— I'm sayin, y'all— y'all got all that shit together. I'm just tryin to— Yo, be like y'all brothas. Big Will, yaknawsayin? But yo I gots mines, you know niggas call me around the way? Check it, ayo

[Verse 1: Breeze/Tariq]
The Green Bandit, son, the fiends hand it over like juggling
And the only slight trouble is keeping up, sleeping, what?
I flips more weight than Oprah, strips off fate
Then hope my skills superb, crills to herb to dope
I lace brothas, butter wounds, I bless the spender
But test, I bend or waste mothafuckers
Rules are broke, get smoked free of charge
We not drugs but hot slugs, see I'm Large like Mister
I gots no shame, irrational nigga, the cash clime
Shit ain't no game, it's more like a national past time
Your sales pitcher, down the pipe, come get a hit
I never fail to get your clown types
I never quit pursuing these crabs, recruiting rehabs in churches
My search is ongoing but yo fuck it, I want this dough in
Can I please this crime crew? Shit, Genovese times two
Be in drug store to thug lore

[Chorus: Superstar]
If you got some flow, and I got some flow
You gettin dough, baby doll and I'm gettin dough
We can chill on the hill, word bond
And put the next man on like we supposed to put him on

[Verse 2: Sha/Tru]
Ayo, that's my son, I state that on my word
Place that nigga on 103rd, then make cream off of bird
Yo I'ma watch 'em, he come up short and I'm gon' smoke em
Either way, you could say I'm that bronc' that broke em
He wanna learn, I say give him a chance
He fuck up and the devil'll be having a last dance
I think he'll do it right, he knows the consequences
To fuck up after that? That shit's too expensive
Every time 'caine was took out, he was the lookout
Wanna know how much I made?
Just ask one of them niggas to pull the book out
I state this on my word bond, just put him on
In time he'll come up shinin like a mothafuckin Don

[Verse 3: Breeze/Tariq]
I gets money like Lil Kim, could take a facial
To make 'em pay a skill, forget it, dunny
My shit'll win you jackpots
Commission be officially a crack spot wit a purpose
I get my service then niggas serve us
A neighborhood infested, that's the good investment
I peeps your operation, let a nigga give me most high
I never been arrested, but expect the unexpected
With full premeditation, when I run in with po-nine
I freaks the amnesia, or maybe like I be strung out
Catchin a damn seizure, fuck it, I bites my tongue out
Nothin to lose, cousin, your crews are top-notch
Let's get biz, run through niggas blocks like hopscotch

[Chorus]

[DIALOGUE]
TARIQ: I'm sayin, complete and total detriment to society. Yo, a match made in hell, word is bond. A wonderful day for the organization. It's just gon' be perfect for everybody involved. You get money, I get money, everybody get money, everybody shine, as the neighborhood declines

[Outro: Sample]
(How could anything go wrong?)
(How could anything go wrong?)