[Intro]
("Like an all-day sucker!")

[Verse 1: Breeze/Tariq]
It's two o'clock, and who that knocking on the door?
It's like a drum, that's Mama Dukes, balling, calling me a bum
And then I'm comin to my senses ("Yo dun, you gotta represent")
Then I see a woman lookin bold, with a cold cup of water
I'm like, "C'mon Mama, gimme five more minutes"
As we begin, it's sun shinin in it my eyes, I'm done whinin
Then I rise, I gets the hygiene cleaning
So I'm calling up my peoples, then I'm gone
But wait, I notice Momma with the cooking (Good looking)
The eggs, the grits, and yo, the dumplings
I guess I can sample a little something
Sit and think about the night past, stuffin my face
I'm steady thinkin bout that tight ass
I didn't hit it but whatever, I ate the pudding, yo, word is bond
That shit was good and yo I said, "Love hit me off"
She said she wouldn't ("Nigga, hell no!")
There go the door yo that's the mob and whassup my niggas?
Just let me drop this bomb and we can start to steady slobbin'

[Hook: Sheila Coiley]
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life? (Steady slobbin'!)
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
("Like an all-day sucker!") (Steady slobbin'!)

[Verse 2: Breeze/Tariq]
It didn't break, wiping my ass, I couldn't wait
Swiping my cash ("A dollar?") I hollered, "Let's be out!"
We bout to set it on the Ave
Forget it, think about the shorties I'ma bag ("Look at him!")
Cousin by side of honey, sweating
But he was too busy with money-getting
("What up, son, could you spare some change?")
Just gettin cheddar, so then I see some of my other fellas
("Whassup my niggas!") ("Ayo, that motherfucker kinda strange")
Holding it down, son, we stood there, yo, check it son
Shorty looked kinda good
("Yeah then what?") Umm, we stood there
("She got a body"!) Yeah, my nigga, look how she flaunting it
("She prolly snotty") Yo word is bond, yo I don't want that bitch
Some sucker in a Lex' took her ("Fuck her!")
Gimme that next hooker, a shorty not a ho, but horny on the low (No doubt) Well, I'm betting this chick could do the job
And check it, I'ma be the motherfucking don
And show her I'm bout that steady slobbin'

[Hook: Sheila Coiley]
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life? (Steady slobbin'!)
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
("Like an all-day sucker!") (Steady slobbin'!)

[Verse 3: Breeze/Tariq & (Woman)]
She all alone (These niggas must be scared of the ass)
She overgrown, I think she kinda big, as I pass
Yo she's sort of healthy (What that mean, a healthy appetite?)
I'm like, "Yo I'mma go for delf, C" (Go for delf, B, that's right)
Swingin that "Love yo how ya doin?" She responded to the mack
And love returned to my pursuing just like fondling the sack
And saying (Finally, I got one, I know the short stay)
And we up in this sorta hot, son, continued foreplaying
And then, BLAOW, we steady thumpin
(Yo hold up, boo, yo, that's my belly button
Gimme a second, let me get—) UHHH, the jelly comin!
(Great) Of course, yo, love, I'm never satisfied
(Yo you couldn't wait some?) Yo, after I hit her, I had her crying
Yo, shorty catching feelings, then you know a nigga snuck out
(You call that 'sexual healing?' GET THE FUCK OUT!)
But first, a nigga sitting on the throne to drop this bomb
And then I gather up the motherfucking squad
And continue the steady slobbin'

[Hook: Sheila Coiley]
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life? (Steady slobbin'!)
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
("Like an all-day sucker!") (Steady slobbin'!)

[Outro]
"Like an all-day sucker!"
"Like an all-day sucker!"
"Like an all-day sucker!"
"Like an all-day sucker!"
(*glass breaks, alarm goes off*)