[Verse 1: Breeze/Tariq (Heroine/Tammy)]
(Hello, good morning) Girl, I know the dawn and clear skies
Yeah they vibe just to honor the persona of my boo
(What are you smoking?) Listen to this one, you’re joking
You’re so funny (What happened, no money?
What do you need?) What do you mean?
(The corny compliments, you playing with my confidence
Fuck around and consequence be down, tone)
Watchin out, yo, I’m just like hey what’s the deal
But you want some steady ballin’
Hold up, wait a minute, girl, this nigga got a call

[Interlude 1: Breeze/Tariq (“Niecy”)]
Hello?
(Who this?)
This Tariq, who this?
(This Niecy, where Tru at?)
He stepped out
(Well, you tell that worthless, pathetic deadbeat motherfucker)
Oh, yo, yo, not for nothing, I’m on the other line

[Verse 2: Breeze/Tariq (Heroine/Tammy)]
Sorry, Tam (Sorry, damn right, Tariq) Might I speak?
(State your claim, rather, state your game, having fucking fun?)
What I done? You sorta grimy (From Caller ID
You with Tru, shit, no surprise) So? (Gimme the lies
What’s the new shit? His grandmother died again? Give my love
You got in an accident, oh my God, are you okay?
You got abducted on some X-Files shit from up above?
Whatever the fuck, I ain’t calling your job, nope, no way)
I guess you know it all (Yo, listen, I don’t know nothing
Except I’m getting sick and tired of helping y’all niggas frontin
For real, them people at your job done heard it all
You gonna get fired, Tariq) Hold up, girl, I gotta get this call

[Interlude 2: Breeze/Tariq (“Tray-Bae”)]
Hello?
(Ayo what’s up it’s Tray-Bae, let me speak to the god)
What’s the deal?
(Yo yo yo, I gotta pay the rent, son, I gotta speak to the god)
Yo, he kinda busy yo, I think he just stepped out
Oh he definitely just stepped out
I’ll run this by him on this other call
Ayo, peace, one love

[Verse 3: Breeze/Tariq (Heroine/Tammy)]
Okay, you half-right, I’m calling you to call my job
But girl, this here’s the last— (Right, the last time?
That’s what you said the last time, Tariq, you gotta stop playin)
Look here, that’s what the fuck I’m saying, girl
For real, I’m working on some big shit
(So what you saying?) I ain’t saying a word, I ain’t tryna jinx it
(So you fixing?) Tammy, trust me, it’s something like an interview
(For more money?) No doubt (But wait a minute
Why I’m calling in for Tru?) It’s like a hook-up with his peoples
(I done heard some stories about ya boy, Tariq, is this shit legal?)
Love, this shit is all legit, but check it out, I gotta go
(You gotta know by now I’d do anything for your stupid ass)
I know that, girl, good looking, for real
(But yo, this best be the last time)

[Refrain]
Someone’s calling on my phone
Someone is ringing my bell
Someone’s calling on my phone
Someone is ringing my bell
Someone’s calling on my phone
Someone is ringing my bell
Someone’s calling on my phone
Someone is ringing my bell
Someone is ringing my bell
Someone is ringing my bell
Someone is ringing my bell
Someone is ringing my bell