[Verse 1: Mike Teeluxe]
I'm that dope up in your brain with syringes
Comin through, kickin doors off the fuckin hinges
I'm in this, like forty fiends on seven day binges
Comin with my felony offenders, drinkin Guinness
The slender of a never ending back-bender
My agenda be the legal tender, blue fox in the winter
Say it with me, yes, mad style in the streets
Bitches that be blowin up my hip with mad beeps
Murder me? You musta never fuckin heard of me
I get thank you letters from emergency for fillin vacancies
And don't even mention surgery, because they awarded me
For being the man to do the most abuse to industry
Injure me, see the evil spirits enter me
Larry Singletary, now your majesty, an entity (uuhhhh!)
If I cut you do you not bleed?
If I bust up in her guts, do she not bear seed that resemble me?

[Verse 2: Superstar]
I hear the sound of dope fiends' screams
It's gotta mean somebody's scheme, on the stash again
I'm spittin hollow points like phlegm
I'd probably bring a friend but these days
I'm driftin off into galaxies
Feel the sea breeze throughout vicinities, eeaaaww!!
While prophecies that kick the sky splits
Oh my God, droppin clips is this the end?
Forever I'll be never injured, because the devil had me shook
I'm shakin, this evil spirits takin flesh is baking in

[Verse 3: Mike Teeluxe]
Here's a, special delivery, of the pain and misery
Can you maintain it? The degrees of temperature can be caused
I'm the guy that pulls the wool over ya eyes, and move
At war speeds, do 45's in the skies, and be
Whatever y'all call that, that bridges the gap
And in suspended animation and reality rap
Picture like Kodak, and wax flows clean as Kojak
And you know that, all front row wigs get blown back
Deacon, comin up the rear with the wicked
Two felony convicted, Colin Ferguson
Murderin, open up your guts kid, what?
I'm diesel like three fifty, woke up with mad cuts
And don't give a fuck, I snatch the soul out your back
So how you figure you could hold your fuckin own?
You're a clone, alone in the world, know I tend to be
Once a friend of me, now we're known as bitter enemies

[Verse 4: Prince Paul]
Check it, check it, we charge up like a nine volt, drama beef
You better hold, I pack a 45 Colt with a mad kick
Cause when I lit, the hoes got snitch
You better duck quick before you get your shirls knicked split
I blaze knock this one, it's on it's on, for reals
Steel pull out, call my bluff, a nigga fate is sealed
In a second or a minute I reckon I be in it
Full-on flanks for high banks, tanks and never, shit all vintage

[Verse 5: Superstar]
Enough of this S and M
Them leather wearin bitches whippin men
From a corner of a dead end, I can't forget my dead friends
And that's what makes my brains erratic
Plus I got a bad habit, of mixin alcohol with automatics
Who got static? I came to set it off and get this party started
Those who provoke, is gettin choked, I ain't no fuckin joke
My friends won't go anywhere with me, anyone in the vicinitiy
Charged with conspiracy is getting death by electricity

[Verse 6: Prince Paul]
Niggas get confused, not knowin what I'mma do
I sit and wait for niggas to make an ill-advised move
I save the way that could be from here to there
Bustin shots, some secluded spots you don't know where
So where art thou, where art thou?
Talkin about your dead family members, pal, don't fuck around
Or for cryin out loud, tellin' you now from Jump Street
Whoever steps up I'm leavin them bleedin' profusely

[Outro]
Yeah, just keep this shit running, knahmsayin’? Niggas come through frontin'. Frontin'-ass nigga, knahmsayin’? Motherfucking ave' to Long Island and shit, knahmsayin’? Hold ya shit down! Peace to Big Jeru, knahmsayin’? Fuck all them fake-ass niggas, knahmsayin’? Them alienated niggas, knahmsayin’? Hold it down