[DIALOGUE]
TRU: Yo, didn't Kane use that?

TARIQ: Yeah, but he didn't flip it like this though!

TRU: Yo, you know what you got to do, though? You got to set this motherfuckin track on fire, though, man!

TARIQ: No doubt, man, this is me, I'm sayin!

TRU: Aight!

TARIQ: You know?

TRU: Yo, so yo yo yo, let me— Let me feel this shit, and see what you gon' do with it

TARIQ: Oh! Aight, yo, bust it. Ayo! I'ma freak it like, yaknahmsayin? Kinda like how he started it, but bust it, yo, bust it!

TRU: Aight!

[Verse 1: Breeze/Tariq]
Ruff, rugged, and real, you love it, or feel
The shove of the steel in your ass, then at last
Respect for certain, your neck was certain
From the mic movements, shit aroused
They be like, "You got a groovin hittin sound"
Casey Kasem, callin a truce, but fuck that
You crazy? Blaze him, slaughterin you with love taps
Well no prob the flow robbed you and your world
Like when your girl's just my pal, bust my style
On my grill, sportin the illest bizarre smirk
I gave your girl some Chloraseptic, cause yo, she's a hard worker
You scarred her, but you ain't tryin to tangle with the force of
Yellin, "Yo, fuck you lookin at?" You're frontin like you crosseyed
Of course, why? You like breathin, with aggression
I strike, leavin this a question, in a session
Comparison B, you're through, the ratio for workin shit
Embarassing, me to you, fellatio to jerkin it

[DIALOGUE]
TARIQ: No doubt, like that, you know?!

TRU: Yeah, yeah!

TARIQ: Then I'ma freak it, I'ma have this, yo— I'ma have this girl singin: "You wanna be startin..."

TRU: Word?!

TARIQ: Like that joint, y'know, Michael, word?

TRU: Yeah!

TARIQ: Yo, she— She look like Mary with big titties!

TRU: Mmm, dang!

TARIQ: That's my word yo

TRU: Yo, Big, that's what I'm sayin!

TARIQ: So yo, you feelin this joint?

TRU: Yeah I'm feelin this shit!

TARIQ: You don't sound enthused, yo, what's the deal?

TRU: Yo yo, no, I'm feelin this shit, man!

TARIQ: Wassup? Lace your man! Lemme just hear how your joint sound

TRU: Yo, you know I don't do that shit no more, son

TARIQ: C'mon son, this is me, your man

TRU: Yeah, alright, aight, fuck it! For you, I'ma do it

TARIQ: Aight, no doubt

TRU: Knahmsayin? Start up a little something, like

TARIQ: Yeah

[Verse 2: Sha/Tru (Breeze/Tariq)]
I have sound waves, that'll touch you in many places
While I raze your faces, even number traces in some places
Above Jordan, the list of the twisted
My mind's enlisted, I guess that's why I'm sadistic
Cause you don't know the shit you been startin
My heart done hardened, ready to put the world
On a milk carton, fuck it, no one else deserve to live
I done gave all I got to give and still ain't got shit
(What?!) So who mad? You grab and ransom
And I'ma pierce his soul and touch the heart of his grandson
(Oh shit!)Cause my lyrics are like being food poisoning
Injected through the ear, fuck what you heard
This is what you need to hear

[DIALOGUE]
TRU: KnahwhatI'msayin? A little somethin like that

TARIQ: What?! Yo. you still got it, old-timer!

TRU: Yo, good lookin, good lookin new-school!

TARIQ: Lil' rusty, but you got it! Word, no doubt

TRU: Yeahhh!

TARIQ: Yo, ayo, son! Yo, 'po-nine!

TRU: Dang, damn

TARIQ: Yo, son, behind you, yo, slow down, son! Slow down, son!