Bing! Bang! Pop! Pow!
Jesus what am I going to do now?
I think my engine's about to explode
I need to pull over to the side of the road

My car is smokin' and I'm losin' my vision
Hope I don't get to a traffic collision
Callin' on Jesus the Great Jehova
Qualified traffic trying to get over

I thought to myself "Oh my God!
That sounds like my engine rod!"
Man, I'm so stuck, got no luck
Got to walk ten miles just to call a tow truck

Spent three hours and the pump can't find me
Highway patrol pulling up behind me
"Is this your car?" "Yes sir." "Well prove it
By the way three hours to move it
If you're still here when I come back round
You'll be heading downtown to the edam."

Back on the bus, can I get a transfer?
Car broke down...(car broke down)
Just got a job, I just got hired
Way across town

My car got towed by prejudice cops
I know tomorrow morning I'll be at the bus stop
I told my girl the bad news at the bar
She said "Oh baby, you can use my car."

So I comin' to her house for the rest of the night
And I my get a little thing all right
She gave me the keys, the very next day
I pulled on my clothes and jumped the freeway

I turned on the radio, the bass was rockin'
All of a sudden man, I hear some knockin'
I though to myself "Oh my God!
That sounds like her engine rod!"

It must be curse, this is crazy bro
Cause I broke two cars two days in a row
A cop gave me a ride to the payphone
They call a tow truck, it get away home
My girl's going to curse and my girl's going to fuss
Nobody got car we go for the bus

Back on the bus, can I get a transfer?
Car broke down...(car broke down)
Just got a job, I just got hired
Way across town

Waiting at the bus stop me and my girl
Trying to move up in the material world
There's no sequel, I feel equal
To the dog fleas and the homeless people

I told Jesus I need an answer
Told the bus driver I need a transfer
Lookin' for a seat, I thought about money
I took a deep breath and then I smelled some thing funny

One man smelled like a alcoholic
Another smelled like a pot of old tonic
I stood in the back in a school shirt
Cause all them seats smell just like urine

Nobody on the bus makes good money
So why's this high school kid makin' fun of me?
I rung the bell, the bus passed my stop
Man I had to walk back about four or five blocks

Maybe my life would be this hard
If I started putting aside time for God
When I start trying, when I start praying
Bad thing start happening, you know what I'm sayin?'

Back on the bus, can I get a transfer?
Car broke down...(car broke down)
Just got a job, I just got hired
Way across town

Hope I don't panic when I talk to the mechanic...