[Hook: Kid Ink]
I think I'm about to go ghost, can't nobody see me now
Riding round in my loc's, vroom beam me
You can hear the bass beating like, vroom vroom
Coming through the speakers like, vroom

[Verse 1: FlapT McPhly]
I think I'm bout to go ghost, man I'm going all bat man..
I'm round round in my looks man, I'm going all A Hitler..
I'm terminating all god lines..
I'm acting up all natzi, & I'm killing all the jewish.. nigga like I hate christians..
Niggas gone binladen, man I'm going ghost like george bush..
Niggas tryna beef me, bitch I ridicule all haters..
You ain't gon' do nothing, I got dibas in my pockets..
& bitches give me pussy, man I think I'm gon' fuck it..

[Hook: Kid Ink]
I think I'm bout to go ghost, can't nobody see me Now, riding round in my loc's, vroom, beam me You can hear the bass beating like, vroom vroom
Coming through the speakers like, vroom vroom, okay
Think I'm bout to go ghost, can't nobody see me
Seat to the floor, beam me
You can hear the bass beating like, vroom vroom
Coming through the speakers like

[Verse 2: Cameron JorDan]
I think I'm bout to go ghost, smoke it up with no coast
I'm messin' up with these girls, woah!
Gat swagg trapped in my body, we'll be chillin' in my lobby & my flows are always godly
Round round with my goons, say we'll be bawlin' out in this room
Jordan out & just spread those legs, think I'm bout to go ghost now
Can't no body see me now, fuck around with em' hoes can a good girl see me now
Woah!, man I ghost around & I bawl
I keep it high with no low, huh!

[Hook: Kid Ink]
I think I'm bout to go ghost, can't nobody see me
Now, riding round in my loc's, vroom, beam me
You can hear the bass beating like, vroom vroom
Coming through the speakers like, vroom vroom, okay
Think I'm bout to go ghost, can't nobody see me
Seat to the floor, beam me
You can hear the bass beating like, vroom vroom
Coming through the speakers like

[Outro: Kid Ink]
I think I'm about to go ghost
Can't nobody see me now
Ridin' round in my Loc's
Vroom
Vroom, vroom, coming through ya speakers like, vroom