[Intro: Kid Ink]
I think that it's a good idea (it ain't wrong)
I think that it's a good idea (you ain't home)
I think that it's a good idea (still you)
I think that it's a good idea (came through)

[Verse 1: Kid Ink]
In fact, it's a good idea
You can bring that ass here
Acting like you had that pill
Where your cup? When the last time you had refill?
Young gunner on that can't stop, won't stop
Green light, running through the city like contra
Seem like we the only niggas in the street with it
Bees like honey chain about the beehive
I think I'm going loco-motion
Flying 'round the world, no loco-motive
Saying you the man only locals-notice
Make the bitches disappear hocus-pocus

[Hook: Bïa & Kid Ink]
See you don't normally do it, but you gon' do it for me
He don't know it mean more for me
If you whip that shit, go ahead flip that shit
I think it's a good idea, we get up outta here
Get up! (Get up!)
Get up! (Get up!)
I think that it's a good idea (Get up!)
Good idea, we get up outta here
Good idea (Get up!)
I think that it's a, good idea we get up outta here

[Verse 2: Kid Ink]
Uh, I need a pick in the post
It feel like I'm always picking the pose
Because everybody want a picture of the boss
Just don't ever picture me broke
I be trying to move this, silence
Fee-fi-fo, but I walk like a giant
Niggas say I'm late but it's perfect timing
Then pull up but I pull off in sirens
M I A in this winter
Out in LA feel like summer in the winter
It feel like somebody is watching
I look around and it's the whole fucking party

[Hook: Bïa & Kid Ink]
See you don't normally do it, but you gon' do it for me
He don't know it mean more for me
If you whip that shit, go ahead flip that shit
I think it's a good idea, we get up outta here
Get up! (Get up!)
Get up! (Get up!)
I think that it's a good idea
I think that it's a good idea (good i)
I think that it's a good idea
I think that it's a, good idea we get up outta here

[Verse 3: Kid Ink]
I think that it's a good idea you get your ass involved
Even if you ain't got no ass at all
Point guard players then I pass them off
And by the way could somebody get your ass [?]
It's a movie up in here, tryna cast the role
All these bitches call em casserole
Lookin' like Miley with your cameltoe
All the Victoria Secrets I ain't told
Just talkin' about groceries, baby, what's for dinner (good idea)
Out in LA, feel like summer in the winter
It feel like somebody is watching
I swear you niggas is worse than the paparazzi

[Outro: Kid Ink & Bia]
I think that it's a good idea, good idea (Get up!)
I think it's a good idea that we get up outta here