[Skit: Raekwon + Ghostface Killah]
[Raekwon]
Yo, hold up, let me talk to this cat
Yo, kid, what' up, Starks? What' up?
(What's goin' on, whassup? Whassup, baby?)
Ayo, yo, I just seen this kid over there, over there, right over there by your building and shit
I know he ain't down with your team
(Who?)
I dunno, some skinny-lookin', big-head nigga, youknowwhatI'msayin'?
(He ain't makin' no sales though)
Yo, son, I just seen five fiends around a nigga, son
(Fuck it, let's do what we gotta do)
Fuck it, let's go over there, I'mma show you this nigga
Come on, come on, right over there, there you go, right there
(That cat?)
Word up, I'm right behind you
Ayo, kid, what the fuck is you doin', man, huh? Huh
(Who the fuck you talking to?)
I'm talking to you
(You ain't talking to me)
The fuck you talking about?
Open your hand—what the fuck is that in your hand man?
(Sounds of Ghost slapping the kid)
What the fuck I say?
This is my shit, grab that nigga, grab that nigga (Why? Why? Why?)
Come here!
(Sounds of gunshots)
Move, son! Move, son! Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit, yo
Yo, I'm hit, yo, son, I'm hit, I'm hit, I'm hit
(Damn, son, you bleeding, son, bad)
Ayo, grab this, grab this, take this, take this
I'm going over to the God's house, go ahead before the cops come, go ahead, go ahead, son, man, fuck that
Niggas tried to assassinate me, man

[Verse 1: Ghostface Killah]
Yo, check what happened out of state
I'm knocking off a half-a-cake cash rule, flying at a fast rate
I smoke the black dust, kept my hands clutched, I'm falling in lust
Spoilt plush I played my hand like a royal flush
Baggy jeans, Wallabee Clarks, pretty women
I put it in 'em, shot up in 'em, deadly venom
I hung around the big time bosses
Illegal force exchange thoughts, showing love to all my sources
Spades tried to bag me, like Cagney and Lacey
Chef had that bitch Stacey slippin in Macy's
I doze off, catch a flashback on how I got trapped
And got licked like Papsy in a mob flick I got hit
Stumbling, holding my neck to the God's rest
Opened flesh burgundy blood colored my Guess
Emergency trauma, black teen headed for surgery
Can it be an out of state nigga tried to murder me?
I should've stayed in Job Corp, and now I'm a outlaw
Ray Catena carry a .44 nigga

[Hook: Ghostface Killah and Raekwon]
Dedicated to the Gods and Earths
Dedicated to babies who came feet first
Dedicated to Up North and down state
Dedicated to rich niggas who sell weights
Dedicated to projects with black kids
Dedicated to man who build pyramids

Word up! What the fuck yo?
We taking you on another chamber
Word up son, you know how we be on it
Yeah it's real
Show these crabs how to rhyme man
I think it's time to bless them, word up
Bulletproof
First chamber
Yo Chef yo

[Verse 2: Raekwon]
It started off on the Island aka Shaolin niggas wilding
Old folks scream stop the violence!
True. laying up yo, watching these crack niggas
Playing nuff crap games for what, see
Back in days, crime pays in mad ways
Sporting Tommy Hil with caves, 360 waves
And no searching for loose ends, now I flex 300 Benz
Mad Timbs with mad diamonds
Now that's the life of the good life, sometimes niggas act trife
I paid the price throughout my hood life
Remember I got blasted, now that's in the past kid
God forbid I lay in the casket
But now I'm all about G-notes, no time for weed, mixed with coke
I wash my mouth out with soap
And got my act together, Lo sweaters and better
And phat leathers, so whatever, bring it on