Yo, yeah bitch
Aiyyo, motherfucker
Aiyyo, swallow it

[Verse 1: Ghostface Killah]
Aiyyo we dazzle off this bloody version of Glaciers
Slang shot threw a gem in his mouth, swallowed his razor (wsssht)
Say no more, my back be parked against the wall
Trooper square holding, 'Face don't give a fuck about the law
Take off the bracelets, don't get blinded by the ice Boo
It's not cool, Veronica slept, plus the decimal
Look at my jumper logo look familiar? It's Power (Where is he?)
Yo every fine stitch knocks an inch off Eddie Bauer
Gucci sneaker rockin' just another form of 'Chessboxin'
No cock-blockin', Supreme Clientele, till I'm droppin'
Kangol slanted, Ghost'll ran with a hippie ho now
Club bandit never empty-handed when I brand it
Mork calling Orson, Mork callin Orson down in Boston
Both of them dead, cop in the loft and
Big chain swingin nigga, Matchbox car drivin
Street whylin, Role' with the four-finger glidin
Watch him, scorchin with spells and top toxin
Amoxicillin stock skyrocket, Bobby Mocassin
Switched from Pert Plus, escrow on the side throw in Sun trust
Ghost'll keep shinin til the sun bust
Yo word up, Born'll be right behind the curtain with the nose out
Sixty Second get the Rover out
Featherhead heathens, teethin' on mic dicks
When thy said, "Let the kids die for your bread nigga!"

Yo, promoters don't want us in clubs because we spaz out
'Who is these righteous motherfuckers with they flags out?'
Stapleton Projects, recognize you're lookin at
Allah's best, puttin on the hits is no contest
NOW, who the hypest in New York City?
WU-TANG! Radio stop shittin on me!

"I got fifty men out in the street
Now if they all get bitch troubles I starve
Is that it? Is that what you're tryin to tell me?"
Superfly

[Verse 2: Ghostface Killah]
Aiyyo, the moccasin money, one man behind the plate
Hold it down honey-shallah rock the half man Gumby
Twisted, the mime of the floods, niggas spell drama
One oh five point six llama
Cosmetic classical, Slomin's shield, Milagro Beanfield
Watch me heal half of you, new attributes
Teletronics, DBX, one sixty X
Compression with the A and sharp press
Extract bass in which the gooey dew drips, vanilla suckle
With jasmine bits, five hundred rap battin average
One taste the bowl and blow up magic, Houdini escapes
From the fermenting hell halls of tragic
Speaking to the First of April's, deep in the rap game
Erase you, Excedrin head bredrens catch facials
Side orders, one telephone for take out
Stomp your man half to death rob him then we break out
Get off on the Clove Exit, knees dirty, chick kneel
With low leverage, watch it how she lick the head of it
Cause it's law, order today, we pay dues
New Tomorrow's, Rubik's Cube money in a tube
Deck the Halls, crush celery dice that's Cinderella ball
Hey y'all Peppermint Pattie's, slum my Peter Paul
Wrangler, straight laid the track when it's sag
With one banger, interlude loop caused me to hang up
Ticklish, Crunchberry niggas at the flicks pissed off
Standin in the rain and can't find they whips
Suckers! Motherfucker!

Yo, promoters don't want us in clubs because we spaz out
'Who is these righteous motherfuckers with they flags out?'
Stapleton Projects, recognize you're lookin' at
Allah's best, puttin' on the hits is no contest
NOW, who the hypest in New York City?
WU-TANG! Radio stop shittin' on me!