[Intro: Ghostface Killah (Raekwon) {RZA}]
Yeah whatsup. Ay-o check this out y'all this is Cilvaringz…
And this ya boy Ghostface we about to pop this shit off right…
That's right daddy, let the beat drop
(Straight up and down… What is the total population of the original nation
Hear the wilderness of North America, and all over the planet earth daddy
{Ayo… Ayo Ringz! Celebrate this nigga death date! Blow his fucking brains off!}
It's us man for real. Live from the jungle, where everything is real, guard
Your steel, hold your bitch down, pay for your motherfucking bills, rock your hat nigga!)
{All swords shall be drawn}

[Cilvaringz]
Yo; Straight out the iron gates of Palestine’s frame of thought slinging
With a rock, stayed nice with the mic pon cocked!
Pops put me on to Pac, Pac put me on to rebel shots
Devil Glocks go pop…. dum-diddy-dum
I learned in school fast, how to skip the class
While my grades kept flying through the roof, cheating math
Running back to class fast, went missing, fucking teachers up
Heated up, I'm on the 12 O'clock news screaming whut!
Rapper Cilvaringz signs deals with Wu-Tang and blows
Making 2 grand a show, dum-diddi-dum
Moon and Angelo and Suei in the folio
50 Countries in the box, Amsterdam to Tokyo
I guess they never wanted me to rock and get paid
The same wage they got paid working 22 days
Bloody money makes the world spin in new ways
And 'Cuda never hit that, so that shit's on you Rae

[Raekwon]
I sat around the older Gods while they built bomb niggas up
Felt like Saddam tapping on my hand, listen up
Get your money, get brains and big niggas up
Swiss look forward to millions nigga live shit up
I sat back in my zone, bone lit, I get your throne lit
Niggas I loaned, they ain't gave me shit
Fuck that family shit, you don't see us it's for no reason
I'm in the crib, wifey saying be easy
I'm all high in my motion, money make me want to grab toasters
Spray down Wall street, put up posters
Yelling faggot I'm back, you can’t take nothing from the kid
I'm still getting money I'm stacked
Go whatever for the Peso, Rap Julio Iglesio
Sniff the eight in ya face and stay lacio
My ear game, popping in my gear game, fear fame
Rearrange your jaw faster than you hear trains
Test any mortal, call 'em, I'm in the hallway hitting raw autumn
Meet me in the lobby nigga see my daughter
And she gon' spray for her dad
Call a brother later, get that money out the wall, daddy got bagged
I'm going to jail for something real, can't do me nothing, still
Can’'t compare me to no rap nigga, fuck a deal
I get to hurting niggas, murking on niggas
It's just the network I come from, Ringz now kid reveal '‘em!

[Hook: Senna]
Oh no It's the Wu-Tang they're back and
Oh no Beez on the swarm attacking
Oh no Just when the world looks back and
When we speak upon the mic we speak what is right
Oh no Dollar signs won't corrupt us
Oh no And justice we shall discuss
Oh no In God and only God we trust
Newest addition to the Wu-Tang Killa Bee gang
Cilvaringz, Cilvaringz, Cilvaringz, Cilvaringz

[Outro: Ghostface Killah (Raekwon)]
Yeah that's right, like I told you before, this is big Ghost in effect
Yo Cilvaringz, you know how we get down nigga you killing it
We Wu’'d out, wallabee’d out, everything is all real just keep that shit up nigga
No doubt cause we ain'’t going nowhere. Cilvaringz, big Ghost in effect
We signing off nigga we out, one! (Live Moroccan Muslim, you know how it go!)