[DJ Ready Red]
Yo Will, the word out in the street, man
You gonna be high-capping now, since you got your new album coming out

[Willie D]
Ain't that a bitch?
You know goddamn well I'm on that other level

[Verse One: Willie D]
When I left my neighborhood, to make this big break
I promised my road dogs, that I'd dedicate
A super jam to the hood, that's sharp as a sickle
So here it is, 5th Ward, better known as the Nickel
Everybody know my hood, they say it's no good
But they don't talk that shit in my neck of the woods
We ain't got the homes and fancy rides
So the only thing we have to fight for is our pride
Washington, Armstrong, Mayweather, and Williams
Robinson, Thomas ???, we all be chilling
But when a sucker starts illing, the chilling disrupts
And like hemorrhoids we tear their ass up, in the Ward!

[Chorus: DJ Ready Red scratching Excerpts below]
Don't don't don't FUCK WITH ME! ------> Al Pacino as Tony Montana
Fifth Fifth Fifth Ward! --------> Prince Johnny C
Make a move and you're dead --------> Prince Johnny C
Don't don't don't FUCK WITH ME! ------> Al Pacino as Tony Montana
Fifth Fifth Fifth Ward! --------> Prince Johnny C
I'm down with J.. Fifth Fifth Fifth Ward! --------> Prince Johnny C
Make a move and you're dead --------> Prince Johnny C

[Verse Two: Willie D]
Crack is sold on the main road to brothers that's bold
The police come around but they ain't got no control
You can get an ounce, in Powder's Coffee
And you can buy pussy 24-hours a day
Hoes flag you down as you cruise the streets
Jump in a car with any-motherfucking-body they meet
Before you can make it to the block and stop
They'll chew your ass lick your nuts and suck your cock for a rock
They don't give a damn who you are in society
As long as you got the damn money
Watch your back, stash your crack because you might get jacked
We got some vicious bitches trained to attack
You keep away from The Ward

[Willie D]
Yo Ready Red, why don't you tell these soft-hearted, fake-ass
Dookie in the bootied-peanut patted face, ho-ass motherfuckers
What Fifth Ward is boy

Hard, Hard, Hard, Hard, as hell
Hard, Hard, Hard, Hard... ----> LL Cool J

[Willie D]
Aiy child, where your little punk-ass brother at?

[DJ Ready Red]
Oh! nigga, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about
The last time I've seen your punk-ass brother;
He was playing with a motherfucking G-I Joe

[Willie D]
Wait a minute motherfucker, let me tell your black-ass something

[Verse Three: Willie D]
My little brother threw away his G-I Joe
He don't pack a lunch, kid, he pack a forty-fo'
He says the steel ain't his meal, he only use it with Jones
But every time he comes home, he has a different Dookie on
Maybe I've influenced him, some say I've ruined him
But they ain't never been in my shoes
So yo, Fuck them pencil-pushing pussies down in city hall
I blame 'em, should hang 'em for all this damn turmoil
They got the power to reconstruct, but don't give a fuck
About the ones who are stuck, my zipper's down cause they suck
I've voted and voted to do a way with the negligence
I ain't going no war for a shit-talking president
The demon is scheming, but his masses are glad
My people is crying and dying while he sit on his regal-ass
Laugh motherfucker but your dentures are fraud
Cause see, you're gonna get yours if you ever come to The Ward

[Break: DJ Ready Red]
Yo D man, what's with these stupid motherfuckers?
Talking about what hood they're from and shit
Calling us meatheads, ain't that hurt?
Fifth Ward don't produce no motherfucking nerds
Man, what I want you to do for me, man
Is talk about these bitch-ass motherfuckers, spitting louder of nothing
Man, put these motherfuckers on the spot
Because this goddamn shit has got to stop

[Verse Four: Willie D]
Keepin' 'em honors, Jessy Thomas, don't you worry I promise
They say we're meatheads, I guess that makes them vaginas
They can't get honor, that's just that high-capping shear
They come with shotguns, ain't got none because they can't come from here
They fear incarceration, not because of freedom
But how the penitentiary pimps are gonna greet them
Walk around the free world, with the guns acting bad
Behind the walls they lose the balls, and also the ass
I know your type, you like to fight but don't walk alone
Always running with a thousand motherfucking morons
Ready Red gotta cut for you (It ain't enough for you)
I'll tell you what do, you better not come to the Ward!

[Break: Willie D]
That's right motherfuckers!
You come from the Ward, you can't help but be hard
So don't be taking your stupid-ass down here
Thinking you're gonna run something with that ho shit
Cause we'll fuck around and be shipping your ass back
To your freak-dog baldheaded-ass mama
Keep away from the Ward!

[Chorus]

(*Gun Shots*)