Come on! Yeah!

[Verse 1: Willie D]
It went like this, I got caught up in a clique
It was me, Dre and T, against six motherfuckers
Nigga went to talking like he was boss
I hit his ass in the mouth, and squared it off
Now it's two on one, and two on one
And two on one, but a nigga didn't run
Because it's all about respect
And I'mma get that while I'm here
If I don't get nothing else
We could have whipped them with our eyes closed
'Cause them hoes, was dropping like dominoes
But then a sucker went to capping
We wasn't packing, so here's what happened
I took one to the chest
Dre got away, but T wasn't blessed
He was hit in the head, as them bitches fled
We lay back in the red
Bleeding like a period
Life light came, so you know it was serious
One time wanted a descrip'
I had revenge on my mind
So I weren't saying shit
Punk motherfuckers! stupid ass suckers!
What the hell made them want to buck us?
But I'm a motherfucking soldier
And I'mma pay you back, if I motherfucking owe you
One by one they all die
My girlfriend, and the movies was my alibi

[Sample: (Average White Band - Stop The Rain)]
(Yesterday you slipped away from me)
(Without so much as one word of goodbye)

[Verse 2: Willie D]
Now a nigga owes me cash
Next time I see him, I'mma bust a cap in his ass
So go ahead and call the florist
'Cause I'mma shoot him in the face with my Taurus
Niggas act like they got nine lives
Fucking with my money, thinking that it's funny
I worked hard for mine, wheeled for mine
Dealed for mine, and goddamn it
I'mma kill for mine!
And die for mine, if it go like that
Motherfuckers gonna learn how to act
Some say I'm not sensible
I still lynch them though
'Cause it's the motherfucking principal
One by one they all die, die motherfuckers!
Die motherfuckers! die!

[Outro: Willie D (unnamed haters)]
Now, for all you hoes, who thought I be Bo-Bo
When I went solo
This is your mouth
("Fuck that nigga Willie D")
("I went to school with that nigga, he ain't shit, he ain't gon' never be shit")
Yeah, this is my dick in your mouth
("mmm, that dick is good")
Any questions?