[Intro:]
Yo D man, check this shit out
I got my piece with me, right?
We going to bust a cap in a mother fuckers ass tonight!
[WILLIE DEE:] Man shut your stupid little ass up
This what you're mother fucking ass need to do!

[Verse 1: Willie Dee]
Put the fucking gun away, take up karate
'Cause you don't want to shoot no-goddamn-body
Put up the mother fucking steel and chill
Before that high-cappin' shit get you killed
It's time for your kind to get realistic
'Cause people like me making y'all statistics
You don't want to step with that ho shit
'Cause I draw and I bar no son of a bitch
That means your momma, your daddy, your sister, your damn brother
Your aunt, your uncle your slow-walking grand mother
And any other that gets in my way
You want to see another birthday? Put the fucking gun away!

[Hook:]
Hey!
If you want to live mother fucker
If you want to live you better put the fucking gun away!
You don't want to shoot no-goddamn-body

[Verse 2: Willie Dee]
Put the fucking gun away, I done told ya
You've been warned by a ghetto soldier
Who ever ever said they took me as a liar
'Cause I've been kicking ass since my first pacifier
I never felt the desire to follow rules
I'm genuine old-school damn fool
Sometimes you don't make it to the trunk
I don't rely on the punk 'cause I love to chunk
Toe to toe against any hoe
They don't make my kind anymore so
"Put the fucking gun away!" is what I told one sucker
But he was a hard-headed fucker
He was flashing a .357 at me
He didn't know I had a motherfuckin' Uzi
If he took another step I couldn't refuse
To put his ass on the ten o'clock news
He took it and that's all I gave him
That's when I sprayed him and sprayed him and sprayed him and sprayed him and sprayed him
Went for his pockets 'cause I knew he sold dope
I took his money and a juicy-ass rope
I don't give a fuck about no mother fucking witnesses
You better listen when Willie says, "Put the fucking gun away!"

[Hook:]
Hey!
If you want to live mother fucker
If you want to live you better put the fucking gun away!
You don't want to shoot no-goddamn-body

[Verse 3: Willie Dee]
Yo man, I was at this party on the south side of town
I saw this pussy-ass punk I had to beat down
Him and his posse was standing near and drinking
That's when I knew the shit was finna start stinking
I wasn't about to be a bum rush victim
Had to think of something quick that tricked him
I went to the John and got a dollar tone
Called my troops on the portable cellular phone
Before the punks could get suspicious
I returned and mingled with the bitches
After drinking a bottle of wild Irish Rose
I said, "Suck my dick, it ain't enough of you hoes!"
The music stopped somebody said, "Get him"
The first punk came wit him, I hit him
Another voice said "Hit the flo'"
I turned around it was Chuck, scrapped down like Rambo
He had the 5th Ward posse in effect
They didn't know they was fucking with
Chop pistol, was the first mother fucker that rose
Hit him in the face and broke his goddamn nose
("Call the doctor, call the doctor!")
Damn 'em! We started slammin' mother fuckers at random
I heard a bitch scream, "He's got a gun!"
I didn't know which one so I said bar none
(*gunshots*) That's all you heard
When the smoke cleared, all my boys were worried
We served 'em up on a meat-wagon platter
It wouldn't of happened if he had a-put the fucking gun away!

[Hook:]
Hey!
If you want to live mother fucker
If you want to live you better put the fucking gun away!
You don't want to shoot no-goddamn-body