[Verse 1: Khujo]
When the scene unfolds, young girls 13 years old
Expose themselves to any Tom, Dick, and Hank
Got more stretch marks than these hoes
Hollin' they got rank
See SEGA ain't in this new world order
Dem experimenting in Atlanta, Georgia
United Nations, overseas, trained assassins
Do search and seize, ain't knocking or asking
They're coming for niggas like me, poor white trash like they
Tricks like her back in slavery
Concentration camps laced with gas pipelines
Infernos outdoors like they had back
When Adolf Hitler was living in 1945
Listen to me now, believe me later on
In the future look it up, where they say it in the Constitution?
That in the event of a race war
Places like Operation Heartbreak Hotel
Moments tear until air tight vents sealed off despair
Dem say expect no mercy
Fool, you should be my least worries
Got to deal with W-2's, 1099's
Unmarked black helicopters swoop down
And try to put missiles in mines

[Chorus]
Who's that peeking in my window?
Pow, nobody now (nobody now)
Who's that peeking in my window?
Pow, nobody now (nobody now)

[Verse 2: CeeLo Green]
Me and my family moved in our apartment complex
A gate with a serial code was put up next
The claim that this community is so drug free
But it don't look that way to me, 'cause I can see
The young bloods hanging out at the store 24/7
Junkies looking for a hit of the blow, it's powerful
Oh, you know what else they tryin to do?
Make a curfew especially for me and you
The traces of the new world order, time is getting shorter
If we don't get prepared, people, it's gon' be a slaughter
My mind won't allow me to not be curious
My folk don't understand so they don't take it serious
But every now and then, I wonder if the gate was put up
To keep crime out or keep our ass in

[Chorus]
Who's that peeking in my window?
Pow, nobody now (nobody now)
Who's that peeking in my window?
Pow, nobody now (nobody now)

[Verse 3: T-Mo]
Listen up, lil nigga, I'm talking to you
About what yo little ass need to be going through
I fall a victim too and I know I shouldn't smoke so much
But I do with the crew every day
On the average 'bout four or five, I'm lucky to be alive at sunrise
Now I realize the cost after I lost my best friend Bean
I recognize as a King
Who am I to tell you to stop smokin?
Now you're open to disease and colds
And ain't 16 years old, this shit has got to stop
Let's take a walk through detox, I want outta this hole
I'm in a cell under attack, loc up folks
They in the hood, got an eye on every move
I make open your face to info you ain't know 'cause it's kept low
How the new world plan reach the planet without the black man

[Verse 4: Big Gipp]
So what's your aim? Try to separate me from the blood
Is disrespect like coming in my home
And not wiping your feet on the rug
The Citron Absolut has got me bucking, no hang with no phony
Look out for the man with the mask on the white pony
On my back are bills staying off my toes, always on my heels
Insane, plain soldiers coming in the dark by plane
To enforce the new system by reign
Tag my skin with your computer chip
Run your hand over the scanner to buy your dish now
No more fishing for your fish
Kiss the days of the old days past ways gone
Mind blown, conception, protection
My name on your selections but I caught you coming, pow

[Chorus]
Who's that peeking in my window?
Pow, nobody now (nobody now)
Who's that peeking in my window?
Pow, nobody now (nobody now)
Who's that peeking in my window?
Pow, nobody now (nobody now)
Who's that peeking in my window?
Pow, nobody now (nobody now)

[Outro: Khujo]
​Cell therapy
Think about it
Use that tool between your two shoulders
Brain cell therapy​​