[Verse 1: 2econd Avenue]
I never thought this was the moment I was set to see
My heart is empty and I feel I'm going under siege
I need a cure I need a touch of something that is right
Through all the persecutions, I haven't found your light
Oh there's one solution; still my mind is lost
There is more to the battle than the one I fought
A teenage boy inside the box, thinking of suicide
He held his soul tight and prays he makes it through the night

[Hook: Cee Lo Green]
Who's gonna save my soul now?
Who's gonna save my soul now?
How will my story ever be told now?
How will my story be told now?

[Verse 2: 2econd Avenue]
It's true! Temptation is a playground
Holding me back against the wall, it's on now
It searches me like a bloodhound, the horror calls
I gave in so much repeatedly it was my fault
Jesus! Is the only way to be free
And He's truly all that I ever need
It wasn't really easy getting Him into my life
And as much as everyone we see the wrongs to see what's right
Every second is the opportunity to save a soul
And it's a perfect time for the story to be told
The good news the story that is talked about
The story for the souls desired to be saved now

[Hook: Cee Lo Green]
Who's gonna save my soul now?
Who's gonna save my soul now?
How will my story ever be told now?
How will my story be told now?

[Verse 3: 2econd Avenue]
They think of what I speak is senseless
By the most high, he's keeping me relentless
They go up and down against me like the pharisees
With negative remarks, plastered up, for they don't receive
The love Agape, no one can stop me
From preaching the Gospel, Jesus I follow
And I know it's the same stuff you heard before
For wages of sin is death: don't wanna lose your soul
As you're walking and you're trudging through the mazes
Remember Jesus Christ in trials of the phases
Laced with, placed with the knowledge and His true love
He wants to save your soul a loving being from above

[Hook: Cee Lo Green]
Oh! Who's gonna save my soul now?
Who's gonna save my soul now?
Oh I know I'm out of control now
Tired enough to lay my own soul down