Intro:
1995

[Verse 1: Big Gipp]
Sometimes words are enough to kill over
Thanksgiving didn't give, so what should I hope for?
I keep on looking for job but job seems not to like me
What else? My door's kick off the hinges
Somebody just filled they Christmas list off me and the family
And damn, I just missed them
Felt like I've been raped, a finger's been through my drawers
Always read the clause in between the black
Spent my summers in the country, so I consider myself a Jack
Some left this world by putting bullets in they head
But little Johnnie across the street hung hisself from his bunk-bed
Had to go to court in the mornin'
Nothing hard about it
My little partner was just scared
How scared, Gipp? That scared
Sesame Street

[Verse 2: T-Mo]
When I was BG, used to think I couldn't be hit
None of my homies carried guns, all I had was a stick
Coming out hard was the way from day one
One of the smallest muthafuckers in the crew
But you knew and feel the type of niggas that kill
Be the ones that's out to prove something
To them older niggas 'cause they already know the outcome
What's going down at the party?
So many fine hoes nobody knows why we buck
I guess we up in a rut looking for butt at the same time
Up in the Flame supporting girls up in the game
Out to get a piece of what the system has designed black folks to struggle for
So I bust, so much to deal with
Can't feel what's real from fake
For my sake I stay close to home, so them crackers don't take
And never give back to my hood
In desperate need of change
To this way, so we arrange it to fit me
Growing up on Sesame Street

[Hook]
Can you feel, what I feel?
Can you hear, what I hear?
Can you see, what I see?
When my feet hit the streets
What chu know? (What chu know?)
What chu know? (What chu know?)
Can you feel, what I feel?
Can you hear, what I hear?
Can you see, what I see?
When my feet hit the streets
What chu know? (What chu know?)
What chu know? (What chu know?)
About Sesame Street?

[Verse 3: Khujo]
Georgia Power wants to put me in the dark
But one spark, I see Sammy streak to my spot
In the red Fred Sanford truck
Undercover but he geela folks for da class "A" sub-
Stance narcotic, South stopping at "shock-a-locka"
I'm too mad to be scared
So for the price if you go it like that
To be the boss, you gladly pay it
An arm and a leg, I'd be lying if I said
I ain't need no help, can't do it by myself
Raining sesame, 'cause it's only so much time left
In this crazy world, mates in prison, guards life with a hammer
So, excuse my grammar
Behind the walls of Atlanta Federal Pen
The jail on Fred Stock, the cell blocks wit more C.O.'s
Equipped with radios
The system is fraud and the security cameras
Now have we an eyeball on it yet
The second stage is denied
I wonder if I get another trial

[Verse 4: Cee-Lo]
Remember me from way back in the days?
Lived right around the corner from Benjamin Mays
I'm amazed that we made it this far
A poor black family is all that we are
Wishing upon a star for a trace of happiness
My mama do her best but she ain't making no progress
Maybe it's a test that we all gotta pass
My situations making me grow too fast
13-and-a-half years old
Standing at the bus stop alone in the cold
On my way to be degraded for a fee
To help get my family off this street called Sesame

[Hook]
Can you feel, what I feel?
Can you hear, what I hear?
Can you see, what I see?
When my feet hit the streets
So what chu know? (What chu know?)
What chu know? (What chu know?)
Can you feel, what I feel?
Can you hear, what I hear?
Can you see, what I see?
When my feet hit the streets
Now what chu know? (What chu know?)
What chu know? (What chu know?)
What chu know? (What chu know?)
What chu know about Sesame Street?