[Intro: Scott Hoying & Hoodie Allen]
Oh, oh
Oh, yea, yeah
Hoodie, Scott, go
Yeah, ooh
All for me, yeah
Can you do it all for me?

[Verse 1: Hoodie Allen]
Yo, I need someone who's gonna do it all
Give me love like it's the only thing I really want
She ain't playin' "hard to get" when I hit her up
Tell me what you want, she'll keep it Emily Blunt, uh
Cool chica with some dope ass features
Got a 2Pac shirt and some Converse sneakers
And the room go quiet when she's speakin', shh
Have me full Timberlake like "Ooh, my Señorita"
Oh baby baby, you like it raw
Make me stand up like a round of applause
And take it all off, take it all off
The Price of Admission was worth the cost
And nowadays I'm feeling like the boss, yeah everytime I make a sale
So Michael Scott 'cause I always leave a paper trail
I am on a mission to succeed, I'ma take you there
We ain't getting married but everything that I make we share

[Pre-Chorus: Scott Hoying]
I wanna know if you're down to go home with me yeah, with me yeah
Take it slow, throw your clothes on the floor, ooh whee yeah, ooh whee

[Chorus: Scott Hoying]
Can you do it all for me?
Can you do it all for me? (Oh)
Can you do it all for me? (Can you do it all, can you do it all?)
Can you do it all for me yeah?
Can you do it all?

[Verse 2: Hoodie Allen]
Listen, I don't mean to skip all of the baby steps
A/S/L, go and tell me 'bout your age and sex
Send me your location next, like Khalid
I'm living life exactly how I really want it to be
So we can let a long night turn into a week
And spend a couple years on me like a college degree
I'ma play you some beats, I'll cook up some flows
I'll write you a rap and take off your clothes, that's just how it goes
Dave & Buster's, I ain't here to play games
I love you like a French kid love Crêpes
I'm superhero in the bed with no cape
I got the money pilin' up like I'm a young Bruce Wayne, okay
So if I rob a bank, will you take the fall for me?
If you got one phone call, would you be calling me?
I stay awake, I never fall asleep
'Cause I ain't tryna share you with no one, it's all for me (bam)

[Pre-Chorus: Scott Hoying]
I wanna know if you're down to go home with me yeah, with me yeah
Take it slow, throw your clothes on the floor, ooh whee yeah, ooh whee

[Chorus: Scott Hoying]
Can you do it all for me now? (Hey baby)
Can you do it all for me yeah? (Ooh)
Can you do it all for me? (Oho)
Can you do it all for me yeah?
Can you do it all?

[Outro: Scott Hoying & Hoodie Allen]
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
Oh, oh, oh, oh
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
La da da da da da da
Oh, oh, oh, oh