[Intro]
You're a young boy and flexin' on them problems
Bets ain't lookin' low, goin' always all in
I'm still rollin', now I got no ring
But if the game's a day then it's morning
(Metro Boomin want some more, nigga)

[Verse 1]
(Alright), flex, wakin' up, brushin' my teeth
Gonna sleep in the subway
Hope my station won't be missed
I ain't wanna let 'em make me pay
'Cause I do it every day
Payin' for those things I didn't do, say
That I do deserve this
Then you do not know my aim
And nothin' 'bout my business
If I get an SLS you'll witness
See me tryna exact my madness
It be my illness
Yo bitches, bitches, bitches
You made me call you way too rude
Why would I let a hoe
Bring me down and bring down my mood?
I'm askin' you to stop settin' me off
I would turn into Shawn Michaels
If the game would be wrestlin'
Messin', twenty four seven in the game
Like I'm Messi, flexin'

[Hook]
Why am I sufferin' so hard in spite of I'm so young?
I been strugglin', cryin' and I know the pain of bein' alone
The fuck I'm doin' wrong? You can't do no song better than I
Long time ago it was OK, but I'm eighteen fuck that 'Forever Young'

[Verse 2]
Young, but I got an inner fiend who wakes up every time
When I got some stuff to hate
Can't wait to prove that most of people they be lyin'
Lemme underline that I'm goin' straight
'Bout to drop the tape online
Showin' no one can't create it better 'cause it's mine
Like a glass of wine, doesn't affect on me or stop the time
Your opinions can never stop me tryin' 'cause I grind
Yo, catch me bein' a clown
Just know that I'm hidin' all the feelings and emotions
Like a deep ocean, no motion
Drinkin' love poison way too much
Hearin' their voices every night then how to do right?
Check the row, I been havin' a hard row to five ladies in a row
But that row was all from their side tho'
Can't bear it no more, still got a desire to adore
But lookin' at the score only makes me abhor

[Bridge]
I'm fuckin' stuck, you see, I don't see no ways out
Some gon' say 'forever young', I'ma say 'the fuck you talk about?'
I've stepped in a new period, told her I'm around
She be actin' like those previous four
Then wonder if I'm rollin' up a snout

[Interlude]
Daiz lit
Daiz lit
Daiz lit
Daiz lit
Daiz lit
Then it's morning

[Hook]
Why am I sufferin' so hard in spite of I'm so young?
I been strugglin', cryin' and I know the pain of bein' alone
The fuck I'm doin' wrong? You can't do no song better than I
Long time ago it was OK, but I'm eighteen fuck that 'Forever Young'

[Verse 3]
I don't feel it, man
Still lookin' for the way to deal with them problems, man
Them clubs still appeal to me, man
I still pray for the culture 'cause I got it, man
Maaaaaan, what's up?
Don't you think I should be rhymin' faster just to wake 'em up
Skreets are actin' tough, it all could be enough
See me runnin' it and now I switch it up

[Bridge 2]
Why are you laughin', girl? Why don't you get it serious?
When I'm thinkin' of a shot, you're just watchin' series
I used to treat y'all with all love, you didn't take it serious
Now I'm joinin' the game, you're gonna know how I am seein' this

[Hook]
Why am I sufferin' so hard in spite of I'm so young?
I been strugglin', cryin' and I know the pain of bein' alone
The fuck I'm doin' wrong? You can't do no song better than I
Long time ago it was OK, but I'm eighteen fuck that 'Forever Young'

[Verse 4]
I'm a young boy, unlucky at some things but I'm a rap boy
I won't tryna decoy, anyway y'all will come up to Troy
Call me Achilles in this game and I'm glad if I annoy
All of you, you locals ain't 'bout shit
All your showin' offs are bein' on some flout shit
And no arrow can slay me, I'm rappin' night shift
Can't stand y'all skills, know I might be too swift
Yeah I might be too swift, you rap like you shoplift
Hurts 'cause you still remain bein' a spendthrift
But I'm not only gifted at rappin', I'ma rift it
Can't be steppin' off here, feelin' rifted
Dyin' in the space filled with memories, drinks, tears
Applyin' all the ways, is something missed 'cause nothing fixed?
Lemme tell you the story first and you'll tell me what forever young is
The time machine can be applied to only one day I reminisce

[Outro]
Metro Boomin want some more
Metro Boomin want some more
Metro Boomin want some more
Metro Boomin don't trust you I'm gon' shoot you