[Intro:]
All you hear in the streets
All you see in the streets
It's that 10-17 brick squad shit
That hood rich shit, nigga
Salute to all the hustlers out there
So much money out here
You gotta be a clown, if you ain't getting none, nigga!
Hood Rich!

[Verse 1:]
I can't lie, God I ain't been to church in weeks
Call me Zoo Keeper Gucci ,all the birds I keep
I'm sellin work so cheap, number can't be beat
They call me Hosea Williams all the cliques I feed
And your brother keep it street he bought a block from me
You'll hang around me long enough, you'll learn a lot from me
I'm whippin soft like it's chicken broth chilling in my loft
I'm the boss sipping purple sauce, but I don't have a cough
If it's moist I'm a call er back, yea I'm a double back
If you try, I'm a say goodbye and leave her in my tracks
They gotta maybach pullin out the trap, hit em from the back
Sent a text, told her take a taxi, I pay the tax
It's Gucci!

[Hook:]
Jumping out the Rari like I'm Liberace
You a bitch of girl in a nigga body (pussy)
Brought a 40 to the club and I shoot up the party
If you leavin with the ones you are not balling
You are not balling yeah, you are not balling, no!
If you're riding with your partner, you are not balling
You are not balling, you are not balling!
If you still live with your momma, you are not balling!

[Verse 2:]
10-17 brick squad, we got work!
Scooter and Gucci flex too much, we remix dem t-shirts
We water whip, we water whip, do tricks with that dope
You wanna come and order it, i send it to ya door
I got the recipe to the streets, who wanna blow?
I keep the frigerator, twenty bricks, jump out the flow!
Calculator homie, I make juugs after the show
Three hundred thousand in my pocket, got my pants hanging low
Got my head up in the drought, you know my plug stay on go!
Tuesday-Thurday I'm in the sky, Monday-Wednesday I'm on that boat
I got cocaine pies 22, I let em go
I'm a dope boy, I'll take a brick for a show!
Let's go!

[Hook:]
Jumping out the Rari like I'm Liberace
You a bitch of girl in a nigga body (pussy)
Brought a 40 to the club and I shoot up the party
If you leavin with the ones you are not balling
You are not balling yeah, you are not balling, no!
If you're riding with your partner, you are not balling
You are not balling, you are not balling!
If you still live with your momma, you are not balling!