[Intro: Static & Aaliyah]
I'm sick and tired of the loose rap
Uhn, now, now, yeah, uh, for the O one
I know you can come better, can come better than that
So you can kill all ya loose rap, baby girl

[Verse 1: Aaliyah]
How many times, I tell you don't come to me?
You bring me all that jealousy, cause you got envy
(Don't hate me, baby!)
Talk smack behind my back, then when you see me
You try to come up and talk to me (don't talk to me)
I'm not saying nothing, nothing!

[Chorus: Aaliyah]
I know you could come better, could come better than that (hey)
Don't hit me with all that loose rap (loose rap!)
You can keep that (keep that)
I know you could come better, could come better than that
I'm sick and tired of the loose rap (loose rap!)
You can save that, save that

[Verse 2: Aaliyah]
Too many times you guys will come and step to me
I guess you call yourselves booking me, now do I look easy? (oh, it ain't easy!)
Well, it never hurts to try, I just might let you call me (hey!)
I hope you don't plan on bugging me, that would be ugly (ahh)

[Chorus: Aaliyah]
I know you could come better, could come better than that
Don't hit me with all that loose rap (loose rap!)
You can keep that (yeah!)
I know you could come better, could come better than that (yeah!)
I'm sick and tired of the loose rap (ooh)
You can save that, save that

[Bridge: Static]
I know you can come better, can come better than that
So you can kill all the loose rap, you can quit that, quit that
I know you can come better, can come better than that
So you can stop all your loose rap, your loose rap, hey, yeah

[Verse 3: Aaliyah]
Too many times, I hear you trying and knocking my crew
Well, we've got something for all the fools
It ain't just rhythm and blues (mmm)
If you just quit trying to compete, yeah
No telling what you could be
You might even be doper than me, I doubt it

[Chorus: Aaliyah]
I know you could come better, could come better than that (hey!)
Don't hit me with all that loose rap (oh, loose rap)
You can keep that (go keep that)
I know you could come better, could come better than that (oh)
I'm sick and tired of the loose rap (mmm)
You can save that, save that (hey!)

I know you could come better, could come better than that  (hey!)
Don't hit me with all that loose rap
You can keep that  (go keep that)
I know you could come better, could come better than that
I'm sick and tired of the loose rap (yeah! ooh)
You can save that, save that

I know you could come better, could come better than that
Don't hit me with all that loose rap (hey!)
You can keep that (oh, yeah)
I know you could come better, could come better than that
I'm sick and tired of the loose rap