[Intro]
Bang, bang, how'd you get back?
Bang, bang, how'd you get back?

[Verse 1]
We done, done it again, (?) 'bout to run it again
Welcome to the Lake show, for sure, this the payback
Lakers versus Celts, but wait, let's go back
2008, yeah, we was eliminated
Allen's jump shot was on, Pierce penetrated
But we got somethin' for that
This time around, lock 'em down
Home court advantage, L.A. bound
This 'ship is easy as Sunday mornin'
Defense stoppin' them from scorin'
Artest on the roster now
They dread that like a Rastas child
Seen Kobe, thought you seen Jordan
See, we back bigger than ever, back bigger and better
City on our shoulders
Still diehard fans, still Phil coachin'
What y'all thought, thinkin' that we would fall off?
Cause we took that (?)

[Hook]
Bang, bang, guess we're back again
Bang, bang, you know what happen when (?)
It's the bang, bang, a lot has changed since then
And you ain't messin' with them Lakers
It's the bang, bang

[Verse 2]
What's your prediction on no statistics?
Will it be four or two? Hope he go the distance
Seven games, ah, sweet, what you leanin' towards?
Seen Kobe snatchin' them VP awards
They best player can't spoil with the "Mamba"
Broken fingers and all, shots still droppin'
Fadeaway crazy, crossover stupid
High flyer, hang time, nuisance
Chuck up deuces, tell 'em, "Hit the road, Jack"
Energy crazy, bring a chick current back
Shaq dropped a side with Lebron, what a mistake
Now, Mr. O'Neal, tell me how that ass taste
Can't forget about the 'Bench Mob'
Shannon Brown, Farmar, go hard
Luke Walton, Bynum, Josh Powell, that's a cold squad
Sasha, bring it down, tell him that this player called

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Go 'head and line it up
Soon as the buzzer go off, tell 'em they time is up
Time and time again, they fall short of the glory
Tryin' ball with Gasol, that's another story
Cause he can dish it to Odom, I ain't jokin'
Phil Jackson don't even have to make a notion
To get the game back in motion, peep the triangle
Fisher (?), lose your faith and your ankles
See, it's as easy as Sunday mornin'
Seen what we did to Phoenix, that's a fair warnin'
A fair shot before the shot clock
You shot brick and my shots drop
That's why we dominate all opponents
Boston Celtics gon' get dealt with
And if you dare place your bets, yes, I condone it
If you disagree, then you dead wrong
Carry on, we the 2010 champions

[Hook]