[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
Back in the projects
Back in the projects
I lost it all, all, all, all
Now I'm back in the projects
I can't get all of you in it

[Bridge]
Big shots, hardcore drugs
Everything crooked, what you thought this was?
Steam pot, turned powder into rock
Plan go sour, that's how you get got
Aww shit, got it poppin' into bricks
Part of playing cool now it's time to get rich
Keep in mind, never walk 'round blind
I can't get all of you in it

[Verse 1]
All that back and forth gets me hot sometimes
Wanna see somebody get knocked out, just box one-time, shit
Catch a fade, catch a fade, it ain't nothin'
Get your head up, at the gym, bring your knuckles
Look, I'm deep inside the projects where it's brackin' at
You know the zip
Where we take a quarter piece, flip it, 'til the corner lit
A1 yola, that fresh over the border shit
Shoot outs and abortions, situations so unfortunate
I knew a nigga, doin' double digits, bust the head wide
For another nigga, who's scared to rep his set right
Now in solitary, doin' push ups by his bedside
All he want is a Green Dot, his homie keepin' himself fly
Don't come around without your pass, niggas on they tip
Zero tolerance on niggas money, niggas want they shit
Don't start nothing without your blower, that's a one way trip
Six feet under, real life, that's all gunplay is
That is that hood shit
When young niggas on that misunderstood shit
Jumpin' out of smokin' rentals, Ks with the wood grips
Bitches for them bank statements will come and hit a full split
Don't you know no good, don't you know no good bitch?

[Chorus]
Don't you know no good, don't you know no good bitch?
Don't you know no good, don't you know no good bitch?
Don't you know no good, don't you know no good bitch?
(I can't get all of you in it)

[Verse 2]
Niggas jaw-jacking, they ain't on that hood shit
Bitch we 'bout that action, on that wish you would shit
All red flags, swag on ten
We ain't in the club, we can't get our goods in
So we in the hood, lituations look grim
One time circlin' for colors of your skin
Black lives matter out here, no way
Cops get promotions while the family gotta pray
It's fucked up, can't explain, babies all in a dump truck
It's all about that money mane, miss me with that Trump stuff
Tryna make a dollar outta fifteen, don't get fucked up
It's shake in the bag, get a bud then you lucked up
You fakin', you mad, you got a issue, you get fucked up
Get laid on yo' ass, you feeling bad, your blunt's crushed up
We in the set, just bickin' it like the Cosbys
Tryna get dope, live happy days like Chachi
If you get a call from papi, that's like Jesus callin'
All you do is execute, next ten seasons ballin'
You can get the world, stay loyal, why you even trip?
Don't you know no good, don't you know no good bitch?

[Chorus]
Don't you know no good, don't you know no good bitch?
Don't you know no good, don't you know no good bitch?
Don't you know no good, don't you know no good bitch?
I can't get all of you in it