[Verse 1: Jay Rock]
I paid dues for the men I slay
Roaches in the kitchen, so the feds come with the raid
I'm never afraid, aimed a camera at your frame
Then snapped like a nigga that's goin' insane
My momma said, "Grab a coat
You know it's supposed to rain?"
I said, "Momma, you ain't heard I am a hurricane?"
Katrina with ninas, rob you for your stock exchange
Economy's goin' down, but I'm okay
Got the juice and I know O. J. Simpson delivered the cuts
Listen too hard, it might shrivel you up
Still liftin' it up, this the motherfuckin' get up
Nigga, you ain't fit, look at my motherfuckin' get up
Tell a bitch, "Sit down", then tell a bitch to get up
Go and get my monies, suck a dick until you hiccup
Hop out the Martin, jump inside a pickup
Met papi at the doc, give me the work, this a stick-up

[Hook: Jay Rock and Ab-Soul]
When your album comin' out?
Let them pussy-niggas know
Ten thousand for a verse?
Let them pussy-niggas know
Is you a real Blood?
Let them pussy-niggas know
Let them pussy-niggas know
Let them pussy-niggas know

Is you really from the hood?
Let them pussy-niggas know
Did you really sell drugs?
Let them pussy-niggas know
Do you really pop slugs?
Let them pussy-niggas know
Let them pussy-niggas know
Let them pussy-niggas know

[Verse 2: Jay Rock]
Turn fifty cent into two quarter ounces
Set up shop on your block and have two workin' houses
Bitches comin' in and out, smokers comin' in and out
This is real beef, I suggest you go to In-N-Out
Take it from me, I get aroused by the paramedics
Putin' out stretchers, they help you to breathe
Clear, what, you can't hear?
I'll be back with a drum, stay right here
I'm off Belve and rum, and that shit don't mix
So you can imagine how ignorant I really can get
Straight lunatic, but I ain't Nelly or the Lunatics
I'm ghetto as chicken and beer, this Watts nigga ludicrous
Hello from (?), halo still on your head
That's when I shoot again, cotton heaven straight ahead
Mazda car, (?), where's your bitch? I'm harassin' her

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jay Rock]
Live from the city of gunplay
Where guns play like kids in a sandbox on Sundays
Only get it one way just like a dude's street
Diamonds on a Blood, but this not a Blue Streak
I ain't got to disrespect a Crip for respect
Matter fact, I'll call one right now, he's a wrap
I told y'all, didn't believe me
I had to bogart from the Nickersons to the Imperial Courts
We go hard, I'm a gangsta still, move keys like Mozart
Low-key like a locksmith on his knees
What you need, I got it, please believe, it's not a problem
Weed or powder, just give me about an hour
Feelin' dirty in the bank, 'bout to take a money shower
Said, "Don't grow old trees - I got a money plower"