[Verse 1: ScHoolboy Q]
Go hard for the squad life (bang, bow!)
His brain with a stain on it (aw, shit!)
Flamed out the nozzle (nozzle)
Added full throttle
Actin' high, heater: black ninas
It's young niggas heatin' up Phoenix
Top Dawg familia
Crept with a Dillinger
In my 5th pocket
Chump niggas stop it (stop it)
Say you pressin' who? (who?)
Fuck around and get a tattoo (vroom!)
Had me dumpin' out the sun roof (roof!)
Consequences you done ran through
Caught his ass slipping, looking pretty in them sandals (haha!)
Keep them gangsters to the streets
You know the shit was handled
10 speed, handle bar shift, Astro fit
Hopped off with a message in the clip
Inboxed read "third verse!"
Heading to the third
I'll be back up on the curb
What's the word? ( word, word, word...)

[Hook: Ab-Soul, ScHoolboy Q]
We continue to bring you
Nothing but that true gang
-ster shit you can move to, groove to, ooh
What's the word?
We continue to bring you
Nothin' but that true shit, G shit..!

[Verse 2: Jay Rock]
Never had much, always had heart (yeah)
Always had guts (yeah), I don't give a fuck (nah)
I ride like a bus (bus), heavy with my flows
While my niggas in the spot (spot) heavy with the blow (blow)
Plenty niggas broke (broke), plenty homicides (-cides)
Plenty Mommas cried (cried), care we wonder why? (why?)
Stress on my thoughts, blowin' weed out my jaws
Four or five niggas riding five deep in the car (yo)
Choppers in the trunk (trunk), choppers in the front (front)
Catch a nigga slipping then we taking what we want (yeah)
Gang affiliated, A lot of niggas hating
'Cause a nigga red; steady beamin' like Laser (Suwoo!)
Product of my environment can't help where I came from (nah)
Watts, California where a nigga got his name from, name from
What it do? Go ahead and blaze one
Be patient my nigga we gon' ball when the day come
Disrespect the clique then I guess we gotta' take one
Haters throw salt, so I guess we gotta shake somethin' (shake somethin', shake somethin')
I guess we gotta shake something
Haters throw salt, so I guess we gotta shake something
So what's the word?

[Hook: Ab-Soul, ScHoolboy Q]
We continue to bring you
Nothing but that true gang
-ster shit you can move to groove to, ooh
What's the word?
We continue to bring you
Nothin' but that true shit, G shit..!

[Verse 3: ScHoolboy Q]
Young 50 raw central kid?
Macks near fuckin' lose your leg
Probably seen me on Figg 81 bus stop
Where niggas put the whores there?
Needle poison
Everybody crooked
Lights out shootin' ranges, shit is dangerous
Keep yo shoes tied motherfucker
Shit it gets live motherfucker, shit's real
Get your ass strapped up in the field
Youngin' should've let your muscle build
Broken jaws and them stars be the evidence
Just another nigga tatted up among my abdomen
Y'all squabbles, gang meetings, set functions had my shit bumping
Mid central way side stay jumping
We ridin' out
Middle finger fuck the law, shoot they mommas house (haha)
That's the word

[Hook: Ab-Soul, ScHoolboy Q]
We continue to bring you
Nothing but that true gang
-ster shit you can move to, groove to, ooh
What's the word?
We continue to bring you
Nothin' but that true shit, G shit..!

[Outro]
Nothin' but that true shit, G shit..!
Nothin' but that true shit, G shit..!
Nothin' but that true shit, G shit..!
Nothin' but that true shit, G shit..!
We continue to bring you...