[Intro: Jay Rock & Kendrick Lamar]
Ayy, K. Dot!
(Yay-yay)
Can we get it how we used to get it like when Top had the red Charger?
Can we get it how we used to get it like when Top had the red Charger?
Can we get it how we used to get it?

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Cap on, and I got racks on
Spend four nights in a country I like
Then take my rich ass back home
Glow so bright, I could make moonlight
See this ain't like your pheromones
Blew one, big gun, baritone
Who won? We won, yeah huh
We old school like capitol
My old school made doctor note
My old school made hard knock
Black on black, my coupe and strap
I ain't ballin' on the hard top, I told y'all to call Top
Now my number call blocked, I don't miss, I call shot
Hol' up, yeah, cap on and I got racks on (and I got racks on)
And I produced that diesel, I could put Shaq on
(I could put Shaq, aye)
Nigga, your bitch gon' leave you, you ain't got backbone
(You ain't got, hol' up)
I don't rely on people, I just go and bread chase, whoa
This so fuckin' dope, I might catch a fed case, whoa
You ain't gettin' money, nigga, then you dead weight, whoa
Got the drop on 'em, there he go, checkmate, whoa
We go drop on 'em, y'all better play it safe, whoa

[Verse 2: Jay Rock]
Cap on, and I got racks on
Don't be bitter, your dope they reconsider
That shit be stepped on
Eastside Johnny way out that project building I get my rep on
Fuck your feelin, no question bitch, I kill it
I bring that check home
We old school like domino, my old school made lawyers know
My old school a match box, black on black, bad bitch in the back
We ballin' on a hard top, Dot told y'all to call Top
Now my number call blocked, we don't miss, we call shots
Swervin', I pay 'em no mind because I curve 'em
She said I looked way better in person
I told her I do better when I'm workin'
You scared motherfucker? Go to churches

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar & Jay Rock]
Right back in this bitch, take a flick, ho, what's happenin'? Yeah
We don't politic, money clip like it's fashion, yeah
Me and Rock go back like, flippin' mattresses
Me and Dot go back like, knockin' addresses
Cap on, cap on, drum hold thirty, no add-on
Lil' Man-Man not the one to go bad on
Big kickstand fold out when you lack on
You ain't no man, you a mouse in a rat hole
I hold band, whole stack, that's factual
Called Big Ten on a island bashful
Fuck your plan, I'ma burn that castle!
Fuck that clan, I'ma burn that task force
It's sick murder when I say go
Hoppin' out that van with the black ski mask
And a great big burner when I say go
Man I took my chance in the paint like that
Let's see how further it might go
And it just might hurt you when I goAnd my name might curse you when I go, bitch

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
God we trust
Fear no man but in God we trust
Both palm in hand, prayin' I stay up
I know you try your best but it's not like us, wow
Oh you say you got a bad one? Wow
I can tell you never had one, wow
We back to back actin' manie, wow
Eastside Johnny goin' stupid, stupid, stupid, wow