[Intro]
I sense there's--
I sense there's-
(Hello) I sense there's something in the wind
(Ay...) I sense there's something in the wind
(This stuff hit?) that feels like tragic things at hand
Jail: Diamond...

[Jail (USA)]
I'm sensing there's something in the wind, the wind
So put down the rope, and light the blunt again
Cause I'm living the diamond life, I got on my head
Gotta see the light, I really wanna' be livin' it right
So give me the mic, So I can take off, and show off
That's this music feeding me more dog, it's making me slow mo'
So pass me the Lofe' Go and let's just go home
I'm living in my scoff though, I chilling with mo' gos
Everywhere I go I'm letting the world tour, you already eyein'
(Yeah) Ah shit...

[Russ]
Yeah, I feel it looking out my window, blowing these inceptions in yo' mind straight from limbo, time is these instro, meadows feeling  skitso, haven't slept in days, I'm living off of beats and burning some in though...
The wind is chilling, I'm about to make a killing, Soon as I enter the building it's all over
The wind is chilling, I'm about to make a killing, Soon as I enter the building it's all over, over

[Jail (USA)]
It's feeling like some tragedy, blame it on the blasphemy
This is a fatality, I'm constantly reminding these bitches I'm the best ironically, this bitch i'm making a killing, I'm willing, to stack my money right through they' ceiling

[Russ]
Through the ceiling, up we go, diamond bitch
We stealing the globe, living off highs, fuck the lows
Look at my eyes, they out to show, I'm about to blow
I can feel it, feel it, I'm about to blow, You can feel it, feel it...

[Jail (USA)]
So you can feel it?
I'm not even at my peak yet, my mind is stayin' runnin' because I'm keepin' the money honey this ain't a secret...
I'm earning my respect, one minute at a time, then give them the music, they look at me shine, I break them down, I break them down, so how are they gonna contain' me now?

[Russ]
They ain't containing shit, me? I'm fucking caseless
Buried beats, and graveyards, then I take off and blow in my spaceship, I live on the moon so just face it, your brand is simply too basic, to wrap around my concepts, i'll' be honest you could chase it but, damn

[Ending] x2
The wind is chilling, I'm about to make a killing, Soon as I enter the building it's all over
The wind is chilling, I'm about to make a killing, Soon as I enter the building it's all over, over