[Verse 1]
First things first: I, Poppa, freaks all the honeys
Dummies, Playboy bunnies, those wanting money
Those the ones I like ’cause they don't get Nathan
But penetration, unless it smells like sanitation
Gar-bage, I turn like doorknobs
Heart throb never, Black and ugly as ever
However, I stay Coogi down to the socks
Rings and watch filled with rocks
And my jam knock in your Mitsubishi
Girls pee-pee when they see me
Navajos creep me in they teepee
As I lay down laws like Island Carpet
Stop it - if you think they gonna make a profit
Don't see my ones, gon' see my guns—get it?
Now tell your friends Poppa hit it, then split it
In two as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A
I don't know what the hell is stopping ya
I'm clocking ya, Versace shades watching ya
Once ya grin, I'm in—game begins
First I talk about how I dress in this
Diamond necklaces, stretch Lexuses
The sex is just immaculate from the back, I get
Deeper and deeper, help you reach the
Climax that your man can't make
Call him, tell him you'll be home real late
And sing the break

[Chorus: Faith Evans & (The Notorious B.I.G.)]
Baby, here I am
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
All, I need is one more chance! One more chance
I can help you find, yourself
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
'Cause you, don't need nobody else
One more chance

[Verse 2]
She's sick of that song on how it's so long
Thought he worked his until I handled my biz
There I is, Major Payne like Damon Wayans
Low Down Dirty, even, like his brother Keenan
Schemin', don't leave your girl around me!
True player for real, ask Puff Daddy
You ringing bells with bags from Chanel
Baby Benz, traded in your Hyundai Excel
Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell
She beeped me meet me at twelve
Where you at? Flipping jobs, paying car notes?
While I'm swimming in your women like the breast stroke
Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke
Death stroke, tongue all down her throat
Nothing left to do but send her home to you
I'm through can you sing the song for me boo

[Chorus: Faith Evans & (The Notorious B.I.G.)]
Baby, here I am
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
All, I need is one more chance! One more chance
I can help you find, yourself
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
'Cause you, don't need nobody else
One more chance

[Verse 3]
So what's it gonna be? Him or me?
We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls
The envy of all women, crushed linen
Cartier wrist-wear with diamonds in em
The finest women I love with a passion
Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin'
High fashion - flying into all states
Sexing me while your man masturbates
Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds
Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent
I'm not only a client, I'm the player President