Ft. Sean Price & Ghetto
Yo, bang bang catch a dubby shell
Whole world crush motherfucker
20 drown, apocalyptic, apocalyptic
Niki's pop shit till I pop in the clip no
Yes, Sean Price is the best
…of hero my chest call me … fresh
Be, body … shoot
And we 3 shot in your face down
Shot my … round of truth
Niggers is fake, duck tells
Unbreakable sean jackson you fuck's …
The flow, so fresh my round …
My flow is allowed, ya niggers is …
… lyrically at the pc, … tracks you hate that, come and see me
Nigga Sean is nice, I will kill you before a green card I carved twice
Murd 'em on another level hear these words I write
That's what got me signed I ain't taking your advice, that's right
Think of my life as a movie without the scripted scene
It's a … I really live a dream
Another level what you hearing is what I really did
So what I say through these bars is what I really live
Same time it's just I caught me …
You wouldn't understand cause I'm on another level
Yo, I'm the truth of bizness ya know that you dudes are finished
I be getting stupid spend this, help me …biscuits
Ya dudes don't live it you should limit the … you share with
You bout to lose a … to sip it
I use the … with trappers … my backpack
Wrapped in weed package them …
… score says
You in big time, homie you act greavy
Act crazy, insecure like fat ladies
… weed in the stash
I'm on another level, ps3, xbox and nintendo wii
Don't pretend to be what you now
Cause it catch you like a criminal cop
Pull out and finish … I'm in the place where the criminals cop
Where you bitch niggers not
White jersey like I pitch for the socks
And my kicks ain't color my socks
Show love to your pops, cause home boy I father …
Fuck you cats with your horrible sound
.. the crow, I'm on a mission to the modesty now
I'm popular now, pockets filled with washingtons now
With franklins and bejamins so I can have …
I'm on another level hear these words I write
That's what got me signed I ain't taking your advice, that's right
Think of my life as a movie without the scripted scene
It's a … I really live a dream
Another level what you hearing is what I really did
So what I say through these bars is what I really live
Same time it's just I caught me …
You wouldn't understand cause I'm on another level