The Fab 5 - “Blah (Radio Clean)”
[Emcee(s): Top Dog, Ruck, Louieville Sluggah, Rock, and Starang Wondah]
[Producer(s): Tony Moore]

[Verse 1: Top Dog]
You must
Be blind and deaf to think that you can test
Originoo Gunn Clappz Two to your chest (Pumm!  Pumm!)
May the buddha bless you where they rest you
Underground, where you hear the sound
(Bucktown!) Home where we roam, pack mad
Chrome, so, niggas, watch your dome-piece
Or you just might just catch two shots to your mother-
-fucking head—batty bwoy gwan dead

[Verse 2: Ruck]
Time for
Some action, dick-in-your-mouth satisfaction
I’ll pull it out, you’ll “Breathe Again” like Toni Braxton
I’m blasting (What?) people who laughed at my sequel
He who mess with the Ruckus must recognize that I’m lethal
(Plus) My mind ills off rhyme skills and nine mills
So I’ll drill styles that keep the mind filled
Blunts get smoked and chumps get choked when they
Try to quote the notes that B-I-G Ruck wrote, so, uh
Make way for the master blaster
Who blast past bastards and hit the pastor, uh

[Hook: The Fab 5] (x3)
Blah! (Like this) Blah! (Like that)
The Heltah, the Skeltah, the Gunn, the Clappaz

[Verse 3: Louieville Sluggah]
Well, it’s the
Louieville Sluggah straight out of Bucktown
Duck Down and Bucktown, heads are on the run now
Originoo Gunns, Three, Two, One Gunn Clappaz
Trashing like disasters on them wack rappers
And if you have ta break legs and eggs, then hit
Them exits.  Skeltah weapons... gon’ get
Hectic, leads to stress, kid.  All that’s left is
Confusion.  After the lights, sights sparked up just
Like fusion.  Gunn Two’s in his position
Flanking batting stance leave ‘em all stiff, hissing
Backside pissing, punks jocking me
Cock and plead, back up three feet from debris
So when we come to catch wreck, respect
Pay dues, fuck them fools who choose to snooze

[Hook: The Fab 5] (x2)
Blah! (Like this) Blah! (Like that)
The Heltah, the Skeltah, the Gunn, the Clappaz

[Verse 4: Rock]
Me and
My soldiers Do-or-Die like the Stuy
I figure, “Why ask why?”  Say goodbye, try
Bigger numbers to run with, then come with that
Bum shit, then get done when Gunns Three, Two, One click
Um, it’s the flipster.  Go get your
Boys, tell ‘em, “Bring the noise.”  I’ll silence ‘em with this
(Blah!) Me and the Originoo Gunn Clappaz, we be
Acting up, then, after Ruck, the Rock’ll blast your gut
(Grandson of Sam) Sam be my grandpops.  Before I
Get down with Sam, ham hocks, I be declared a landmark
Test the man Rock, true champion, warrior
Rip a man if he say he can beat me, then kill the story-ah

[Verse 5: Starang Wondah]
Enemies get crushed (Crushed) into dust (Dust).  They could feel
The wrath, plus play my Clik and get that ass bust
Standing in the back, you’re wondered and you’re frightened
Stepping to the Strang, you’ll face the thunder and the lightning
Awesome, tossing niggas like Steve Austin
Niggas get baked like beans that’s straight from Boston
And my Glocks make shit hot, cops get
More nervous than Thursdays on the Box, and
Every now and then, a sucker tries to attack
Heltah Skeltah plays the front, Gunn Clappaz in the back, so
Act like you want the MAC to your grill (What?)
Embrace my face, it’s kill or be killed

[Hook: The Fab 5] (x4)
Blah! (Like this) Blah! (Like that)
The Heltah, the Skeltah, the Gunn, the Clappaz