[Intro: Rock]
Recent studies have shown, that for every hype MC
There are approximately 14.3, wack, fake, bitch ass, semi-feminine, wanna be hard, carbon copy, chunkin, thievin', bitin ass, furthermore unacceptably doo-doo MC's

[Verse 1: Ruck]
Break north, when the Ruck ripping the stage
My nickel gauge rip your Face Off like Nicholas Cage
Fuck the front page, nigga, I need the main article
On how me and my crew blew niggas brains into particles
So don't start if you can't finish
'Cause I will be sure to end it, whatever you created
I hate it when a MC blow up like a helium balloon
But soon to be deflated 'cause my niggas ain't feeling your tunes

[Verse 2: Illa Noyz]
Apparently you found it hard to listen
Behind the squad, you're missin'
Run through my rendition, found how hard I'm hittin'
Bound our rods are fishin', in troubled waters I'm on a
Mission to show you some of y'all people fell short of
Doing how we do, lethal, off of marijuana
Yo I think I'm gonna...Let It Fall on 'em like Lin Que
On the one twos, Illa cut through crews like an L-O-U-I-E
Respect you don't try me
When next you open your eyes
You see your moms bedside in ICU
Like I was supposed to in the first place
Don't be rolling the dice in the street, life if you don't ace
Nigga, your place, is to back the fuck up now

[Verse 3: Rock]
Hey yo, my shits cock diesel...like Lou Ferrigno
Egg those bitches, send them to son, he might stick those
When I rip shows, rip flows, blown out proportion
Wanna battle, baby? I take niggas out like abortion
Punk, you know me as the Rock or Alcatraz
Or Bummy Jab, out to smash and kick a bone out your ass
You don't have to ask, ask Illa Noyz or Sean Price, man
I know we nice, but you ain't Mike Tyson
Stop bitin'

[Verse 4: Illa Noyz]
The evidence is substantial
I dismantle
My jams aim like plans devised up by Hannibal
Fact of ru'e, got a Bad Attitude like Baracus
Stopping up preposterous acts before they off us
Swift like dolphins
And with my shark fins,I develop a sharpness
To flip this science to an art, bitch
Be careful and cautious, that's how you need to be
I immediately bust your shit repeatedly

[Verse 5: Rock]
Hey, yo yo yo
Some other day some nigga told me send him some new shit
So I shitted in a box and mailed it to his crib
Just fuckin wit'cha, now let's get to bumpin'
Niggas was loud but face to face you're saying nothing
Quiet like I pushed the mute button
You're frontin'
All of a sudden you got heart like you saw The Wizard
Rockin the butters? I'll take it, it goes with biscuits
Bummy's a state of my mind of mine when I thief shit
Even though I got 2 whips and chains like your freak bitch

[Verse 6: Ruck]
Hey yo, I used to get angry and all uptight
You can say what you want, just spell my name right
S-E-A-N, P to the R
I-C-E, nigga there ain't no tomorrow
Who want drama?
Fuck I look like, an actor?
'Cause when I slap you, that something motion pictures can't capture

[Interlude: Rock + (Ruck)]
Take a picture of that, motherfucker!
{Click click)
You see nobody can fuck with my MFC, word is bond
You wanna be down with me
Place to be is down with me
You could never fuck with my MFC, bitch, word bond

[Verse 7: Illa Noyz]
Peep the working mans who don feelum
For ya Patra niggas, I lump ya
I feel you too close to my bumper
I don't think you wanna, confront the shit you under
Once you do, the one you under
Stand, we crash shit like thunder

[Verse 8: Ruck]
Remember I be, in the mood to get in my own hobby
Leaving innocent niggas dead on the street like Ennis Cosby
Where will I be in a year or two?
Probably locked up in Clearview in Tier 2
It appears you ain't ready for me so I dare you
Come through with one twos, then  the big Ruck'll tear through
But I spare you, 'cause I don't wanna come near you
I swear new niggas be coming out the clear blue

[Verse 9: Rock]
That's my word
All y'all Fruit Roll Ups
This is a hold up, ain't nothing funny, stop smiling
Still nobody jab like the Bummy
You become evicted
Our mission: win your departure
If The Price is Right, my burner turn to Bob Barker
COME ON DOWN! You are the next contestant
To get that ass split like pea soup in a Deen sections
When I'm done wetting, you see, if you resting with hoes
None of y'all pimps'll wanna be a player no more like Joe
Word is bond!

[Outro: Ruck]
Caca Gosa Vixen!
Caca Gosa Vixen!
Fuck y'all niggas! Word up!
Caca Gosa Vixen!
Caca Gosa Vixen!
Fuck y'all niggas! That's my word!