[Intro: Sway]
If you goin' to that, if you go down to Florida, you go to Miami
Uh, you know, you got
Just like in New York, you got the mainstream and, you know
And then you got that subculture, the underground
And then you got some people who are able to kinda fuse the two together
(Okay) That's who he is
And I used to go party in Miami all the time
This guy would fly me down and we would have the craziest parties
And set off, Ocean Boulevard down in Miami
It's such a blur, I call it the dark ages
That's how hard we used to party (wow)
Alright, we got the one and only, the magnificent
DJ EFN is here (woohoo!)

[Hook: Milk Dee]
EFN'S mixin', Milk is chillin'
What more can I say? Top Billin'
That's what we get, got it good
He's reppin', Crazy Hood

[Verse One: Sean Price]
Reppin' to the year til I'm grabbin' for the moment
Slap you in the ear and given dap to my opponent
Puffin the pa, puff piff pot in the car
Put out the pot pop the car pop shots at your squad
P! Showboatin' new ratchets
I'm so dope it's blue magic
P! Fly brotha very gold
Suede front jacket with the tri color herringbone
Gun in the gear, none in the ear
Your man tough dandruff, one in his hair
Uh! Change the gat so strange at night
Thanks to rap still changed my life
Degenerate general, criminal intent
Predicate felon belittle ten percent
Uh, EFN, time to spin the tunes
About to put the lighter to the spoon I'm so dope
P!

[Hook: Milk Dee]
EFN'S mixin', Milk is chillin'
What more can I say? Top Billin'
That's what we get, got it good
He's reppin', Crazy Hood

[Verse 2: Murda Mook]
Mook is chillin' (chillin') coupe no ceilin' (ceilin')
Took blacks off for the love of drug dealin' (right)
Money over bitches is a song I sing (yeah)
And for every stone I threw, I put it on my ring
True fact, it ain't worth me lettin' these tools clap
If you reach, I'll give you the beats, boom bap
Went from new smack (yup) to own a few sack (yup)
Like the kid on X-Mas, runnin' through rap (woo!)
Speakin' of X-Mas, she callin' me reckless
And I'm eggin' her on by havin' orgies for breakfast
Used to want Alexis (yup) now I want a Lexus (yup)
Next time I'm in your town, send me your direction (whatup fool?)
Reppin' with EFN (yup) niggas ain't even f'in with us (nah)
All I'm tryna do collect and sit up (yeah)
Drink good, smoke good, keep the suckas from around me
And take whatever the Lord allow me, easy!

[Hook: Milk Dee]
EFN'S mixin', Milk is chillin'
What more can I say? Top Billin'
That's what we get, got it good
He's reppin', Crazy Hood