[Intro: Sean P, Sadat X]
[Sean P]
Peace God
[Sadat X]
Peace peace peace...

[Verse one: Sean P]
Ayyo, who the fuck beatin' the God... peepin' the God?
Groupie ho from the show, wanna sleep with the God
Wanna late-night creep with the God
Wanna fuck all night 'til she tired, count sheep with the God
She like: "Ruck, could you skeet in me, God?
Hell no, ho! You must think somethin' sweet with the God
Don't try to get deep with the God
Don't try to conversate 'n holdin' hands down the street with the God
She thinkin' about leavin' the God
I don't care, it's up to you to choose, bitch, even the odds
Even ma squad say: "She be deceivin' you, God
She's the atheist, she ain't even believe in the Gods."
"Fatal Attraction" bitch got heat for the God
So I backsmack the left-side of the cheek on the broad
Now, I done wrote a lotta goddamn rhymes
But this time I must be outta my goddamned mind

[Hook: Buckshot]
The arm-leg-leg-arm-head - gone is your bread
With no church we pardon the dead
All praise to AKs 'n coffins
When God in the spot you see the devil often
You scared? Go to church!
You scared? Get a dog, nigga, this truth hurts!
Pardon me God, get to speak to 'em
Please show 'em the light, throw the heat to 'em!

[Verse two: Sadat X]
She say she wanna get with the God
Then got slick and tried to slip me lard
You may think that I'm odd
Give us free like "Amistad"!
Now, these dudes tryna beat the God
Like I ain't live up the block with a murderous squad
Now, these dudes is supposedly hard
But they ran to police when I pulled the rod
The actions of a cowardly broad
But I have 1 jail pass - one last card
Who in the street with the God?
Got a hundred grands, you can eat with the God
Yes, there ain't nuthin' sweet with the God
Gotta come a lil better, to compete with the God
There is a evil to God
40 in your face leave your skull piece charred
Dig out your pocket, snatch a lil award
Give half to Price cause we peas in a pod

[Verse three: Sean P]
I heard y'all niggas bad speakin' to God
Damn! That's fucked up, it wasn't like that last week with the God
Y'all niggas wanna clap heat at the God
I ain't sayin' shit - I'mma let the gat speak for the God
If your shit fat then get on a track with the God
If your shit wack you can't get on a track with the God
Fuck I look like? Y'all bitch ass niggas is the shook type
Missy on the chorus, the song is wack but the hook tight
Now, I done wrote a lotta goddamn rhymes
But this time I must be outta ma goddamned mind
Everybody wanna rap like the God *pff*
Go outta town 'n grab the pound 'n sell crack for the God
You ain't gotta do that for the God
All you gotta do is cop the LP that brought crack for the God (P!)

[Hook: Buckshot]
The arm-leg-leg-arm-head - gone is your bread
With no church we pardon the dead
All praise to AKs 'n coffins
When God in the spot you see the devil often
You scared? Go to church!
You scared? Get a dog, nigga, this truth hurts!
Pardon me God, get to speak to 'em
Please show 'em the light, throw the heat to 'em!

[Outro: scratchin']
"Everybody wanna... rap with the God" [Sean P]
"Got... ta come a lil better, to compete with the God" [Sadat X]
"Now, I done wrote a lotta goddamn rhymes
But this time I must be outta my goddamned mind" [Sean P]
"The God" [Sean P]