[Intro: Reef talking]
Yeah. Sean P. Lost Cauze. Fuck a fair one. You know? 'Bout to get it in. Nahmean? It's 2005. Juju Mob. Good Hands what up? Mighty Mi on the beat. Let's go

[Verse One: Sean Price]
The Amistad watcher, Glock popper, knot rocker
Phantom of the Opera doctor with a chopper
Belligerent bars bitch
All being born to bullshit
Do the knowledge on that while I pull this
Need do wop, west African soup, Idi Amin in Uganda
Mad Jamaican niggas smoke ganja
Motion, lotion, Ocean 12 caper
I had the bitch now, and then gave her to Brad Pitt later
Listen
Dead rappers get better promotion
Probably go diamond when I throw your head in the ocean
Broke rappers want bread but they steadily loafin'
Ask 'em to eat, still can't rap to the beat
Speed knots on your head make y'all niggas bleed burgundy
Until y'all niggas act like you've heard of me, P!
Listen
I beat, earth, wind, fire and ice
Out niggas talkin' slick shit, about Sean Price

[Hook: Reef The Lost Cauze] {x2}
Ayo we undisputed
I don't box but my Glock is shooting
The fair one don't exist, kids will pop your roof in
Stop the music, I'm tellin' you the truth
We don't care son, so yo, fuck a fair one

[Verse Two: Reef The Lost Cauze]
Yo I send murmurs
My words too much for your heart to stand
Your flow primitive like exhibits at the art museum
I'll rip apart your plans, retool your blueprint
Rob you for your two cents, can't rock cause you too bent
Word to Sean P, from Philly to Canarsie
Back to Brownsville, split your head till the dark meat
I spit water
My flow is where the sharks meet
I'll throw your bitch ass through a window like Charles Barkley
And Rick Mahorn
All I do is make classics nigga, pick a song
Keep a king piece that'll flip your pawns
Off the chessboard, my tec roar and leave your chest sore
I'll be right on your stoop, like I live next door
Live from inside the ghetto where they palm the metal
So pardon me if I ain't rhymin' on a conscious level
The death rate in my hood is of a monstrous level
Look inside that boy eyes, he got the devil

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Sean Price]
We holdin' guns
Where the fuck is yours?
I clutch the four, leave you fucked up for sure
Fuck the whore
No condom, fuck her raw
Go home to your wife and then fuck some more
Niggas like, "Sean you bug with the words."
I went to school
When I pop you with the tool, catch a slug from a nerd
All day I've been huggin' the curb
Buggin' with birds, thinkin' 'bout
Takin' a trip with this bitch to the 'burbs
Niggas know I ain't wrapped too tight
Slap a nigga in a battle for the fact he ain't rap too tight
Played yourself
You'se a hermaphrodite
Go fuck yourself, I'll see you in the afterlife

[Reef The Lost Cauze]
Ayo my mind is realer
It's the Mob and Boot Camp
You'se a food stamp
I'm 'bout to buy chips with ya
My fifth hit ya from the eyes up
Leave a hole in the side of ya face the size of an onion kaiser
Bagel
Whether you coon, kike or dago, I must break you like Ivan Drago
Fuck your payroll, I'm gifted cause
The game without Reef, Cousin Balki "don't be ridiculous"
I lit my buzz, now I'm blowin' smoke in your face
You a chauncey ass nigga, cold showin' the tape
Rollin' with Jake, without the Fat Man
Reef and Sean P, fuck with that man, you need a CAT scan

[Hook]