[Background] "I see the horizon the Grate Unknown"

[Ruck]
I'm telling you man cut it out
Yo...we embarked on this nocturnal excursion in order to exchange
Conversation with these mortals not to play games
For real behind every great Ruck theres a Rock
The Rockness Monsta.....Dutch

[Rockness Monsta]
Yo its the Rockness not Rock live
Then again I'm Rock and I'm live
But I'm not fat then again my shit is so fat
Fans let shot's fly (PLOW! PLOW! PLOW!)
Swift and changeable no style, be Rock style
Not foul, but play with me at your own risk kid I might not smile
You get whipped upon, in one ons
I don't fight clean, flow like a butterfly, sting like a scorpion
On the tip of a sick ding-a-ling, bring the noise with your peeps
We up in this space deep, wit' nines like Star-Fleet, ah shit
Garbeech ass rappers, MP 'll trap ya, then like a federal case
I'll crack ya word to my man Don Ruler, I'll cold beat your crew up
If it gets thick then number two-a, pass me the ruger
Click Click...Booya!!

[Hook 2x]
[Rock] If you don't know like I know
Then act like you know, like I know

(Rock: I beat's more ass than mom dukes leather belta)
(Ruck:plus Rock make cops throw Glocks Down like Heather)

[Background] "The Grate Unknown"

[Verse Two]
I turn this upside down, clown
Watch me and you'll get the picture, if ya don't understand
Why I be the Mr. Flipster, I'll deliver a
Nine slug through your spine, and leave you on the floor vibratin'
Like a fault line
Find the Rock he's lurking in a dark ally
With more niggas, than a motherfuckin' God rally
Tally up all the throats, the StrangleHold choked
& all the riots that my brother Ruckus provoked. Don't like my style
So I don't give a WHAT, cuz you bring the beef, and the Rock or the Ruck'll buck you one time, so cover your vital organs
Machete'll chop that beef you poppin, and feed it to my nigga Dog &
Follow the trail of broken backs and, at the end of it you'll find
Me standing with my blackjack, with a Smif and Wessun on my side smokin, not the gat
(Ruck: Summon Illa Noyz, BDI for the attack)
Fuck you street fighter, front if you wanna get hyper
I strap on bombs and blow your face up like Stryker
Yo representatives light up another rezi Spliff, while I dip, by the way
(smack) big up to the da Ill Bitch!!!!

[Hook 4x]

(Rock: Rockness Monsta, stomp ya Brains in )
(Never changin', forever face rearangin')
(You asked for it who want beef well here's war)

[Background] 4x : I see the horizon the Grate Unknown

[Ruck] We will, we will Rock you

[Verse Three]
Question (What)
Yo, who's the crew with the jewels tryin' to front (What!)
Yo money, yo life and wars all I want (What!)
Bring all beef to Bedrock I got my gun (What!)
Niggas is soft as burger buns (What!What!)
Front man shit, spit
Pon the grave of the weak, when I speak, my tongue is nasty as a freak
I'm in a inner state of, inner mind
Which inner twines, with my inner body now I'm energized
Its an insane shame, you can ask Ricky Steam
Or da Big Cheese we sweatin' no shorties only gettin' green
BLINGS the sound then I'm ghost, gone, me and Tawl Sean
Your shit's now paid for the Tram, need I go on you damn right
I'm foul as fuck, so foul I should go to the line and shoot two (ah, shit duck)
Like James Bond I shoot to kill, Heltah Skeltah's here
Try square with me, clean up man like Mr. Belvedeere
Born in a place so far away it's prehistoric, Bedrock
No regular man survive after he saw it , from the age of stone
To the age of chrome, from Bedrock to Bucktown my fuckin' names known

[Hook 4x]

(Rock: Military Punisher Rock MP)
(Its in My nature to keep Robbin' like Givins)
(Scar on my face but I'm not Al Pacino)
(Run for your guns me and son comin' through, Heltah Skeltah)

[Ruck] We will, We will

[Rock] We will Rock you, motherfuckin' knock you..

[Ruck] Beats more ass then Mom dukes leather belt. Ah..
From the land of the darkness Heltah Skeltah....We will, We will rock
You...Word is Born

[Background 8x] "I see the horizon the Grate Unknown"