[Rock]
Words from the great Don Rocco
Kindness is not weakness
Not beating your bitch ass bloody is not easy
So when your ass fall to the asphalt
Just remember it's your dumb ass fault, that all (Wait right there)
Karma Karma Chameleon, change up, come back
Run up on 'em and kill 'em, put one in the ceiling
A wonderful feelin', the sweetest joy next to gettin' pussy
Could be the same, I'm gon' get ya pussy
Niggas is cookies
I'm a monster, Rock-ness or Wookie
Call me Chew-Rock-a, chew block up, block up
Bitch don't push me
No Star Wars, no Celebrity Death Match
Well bet that celebrities get clapped
Who said that? (Chill, chill... huh?)
Rock filthy but not guilty (Feel me?)
I ain't goin' nowhere unless ya'll kill me (Really?)
Fuck all that top 5 emcee shit, bitch
I'm the best emcee that empty clips, let's go!

[Hook]
Somebody gonna die, I can hear it
Somebody 'bout to see somebody's spirit
1-2-3, resuscitation, clear it
(Death... death...) And you are near it
Somebody gonna die, I promise, promise, promise
(Hey, hey... leave a message!)
Any questions, concerns, or comments, comments, comments? (Whoa)

[Law]
You want fame, go and leroy dance
I fold niggas, i and i ain't talkin b boy dance
The Great Houdini, my magic is bad
Go to the funeral and Saw the damn casket in half
So i cassette tape around you mouth and hands
Not memorex im talkin' ounce and grams
Certified gutta, ask about ya man
Walk in your hood and make niggas bounce and scram
Use my apex this is unsafe sex, you can stay stress
Like waitin results of aids test
Amazed yet? This is done without days rest
Ace your H. lace like my pen through pages
Hell summer time, Snatch the cover of your stumbled mind
Give my pounds like the button on the nine
Stop at the drop of ten cent, the get cut the fuck up
Like a body builders convention

[Hook]

[Sean Price]
Six million ways to die, choose one
Add Sean Price, that's like six million and one
I'm sick, iller with guns, thriller that kill ya for fun
9mm knock centimeters off of your son
My gun - dumb, loud, and short
I will shoot up your back and fuck up your lumbar support
Listen, I shoot up your tires, I shoot up a tyrant
Don't shoot yourself like dude from the Giants
I might shoot a nigga for sayin' my name wrong
Next time get it right
Motherfucker, I'm Sean Price
Predicate felon, (psssh) two time loser
One more strike, it's life, damn right I'm a shooter (pssh)
Buddha bless bless, Buddha the sket shooter
Blam, blam the Ruger, you red like ?? (P!)
Criminal rapper, original gun clapper
After I rap, nobody should rap after I clap ya (motherfu...)

[Hook]