DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Ruck and Soul Kaliba - “Last Days”
[Emcee(s): Ruck (AKA Sean Price) and Soul Kaliba (AKA Shawn Jackson)]
[Producer(s): Fredro Starr (Original Instrumental from Onyx - "Last Dayz")]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Ruck (AKA Sean Price) and Soul Kaliba (AKA Shawn Jackson)]
Ruck (AKA Sean Price): Yeah.  Sean Price.  Hah, that’s it.  Yo.  Ayyo, Unknown, Mek, feel this, man.  Nice
Soul Kaliba (AKA Shawn Jackson): Y’all niggas is fucking stagnating with flows.  Yeah.  Under the rug.  Y’all niggas is fucking under the rug.  Murk you all, bitch.  Listen

[Verse 1: Ruck (AKA Sean Price)]
I’m better with mines.  Sean Price.  Remember this time.  I’m all
That, jaw-tap, pa—Gregory Hines.  Strapped
For the war.  Plus, I got a package of raw
In the ass crack of this whore in the passenger door
Y'all niggas is wack and you should be slapped with the four
Shit like that be attracting the law.  Hmmm.  Can't
Get knocked.  Better yet, can't get shot
Bust a shot at the bad boy, can't be stopped.  Listen
To my old shit, they be like, "Damn, they hot.  What happened
To them niggas, man?  They flopped."  Word?
Drinking and smoking—vice versa, smoking and drinking.  I'm hoping
These Lincolns add up—I ain't supposed to be stinking
Y'all niggas is farsighted, didn't notice the kingpin
Up close in your face, bust toast in your face, nigga

[Bridge 1: Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
“Now I’ll mold you back to the bitch that you are” - Sample from Ruck (AKA Sean Price) on The Fab 5 - “Leflah"
“Fucking with the Ruckus, get bruised, battered, and scarred” - Sample from Ruck (AKA Sean Price) on The Fab 5 - “Leflah"

[Hook: Ruck (AKA Sean Price)]
We’ll slap
You with the ones, wacking you young rappers for fun.  I don’t
Be rapping for fun.  I’ll be rapping for funds.  I’m
Clapping my guns, packaging jumbs, crack in the slums
Anything for the capital, son.  Repeat that.  Slap
You with ones, wacking you young rappers for fun.  I don’t
Be rapping for fun.  I’ll be rapping for funds.  I’m
Clapping my guns, packaging jumbs, crack in the slums
Anything for the capital, son.  I’m a bastard

[Verse 2: Soul Kaliba (AKA Shawn Jackson)]
Y’all got some nuts to be thinking y’all touching me
Basically, y'all brothers be "Ugly" like Bubba be singing you
Swearing you repping lovely but you be clinging to
Feel that you chose.  Oh, you think you will, I suppose
Right?  Just hold tight.  Get a grip, don’t hold mics
Proving you flow like a bitch or flow like
Just a nigga that claim he holding.  Just as good as my name
Is Soul and yours is like the one honey your lady roll with
Mama then told this nigga, “Promise to focus.”  I
Promise to blow shit, sit on top of the globe, bitch
When on the mic, I’ll rock it.  Cop it if you like the poet
If not, then eat a dick.  Put that in your pipe and smoke it
Life is no joke, kid, and I ain’t laughing.  Leave you broke when
We’re invading your airwaves—just watch and tune it direct
From your home, even call-collect from your phone.  Request
For your hometown favorites, Mek and Unknown

[Hook: Soul Kaliba (AKA Shawn Jackson)]
We’ll slap
You with the ones, wacking you young rappers for fun.  I don’t
Be rapping for fun.  I’ll be rapping for funds.  I’m
Clapping my guns, packaging jumbs, crack in the slums
Anything for the capital, son.  Repeat that.  We’ll slap
You with ones, wacking you young rappers for fun.  I don’t
Be rapping for fun.  I’ll be rapping for funds.  I’m
Clapping my guns, packaging jumbs, crack in the slums
Anything for the capital, son.  It’s real

[Verse 3: Ruck (AKA Sean Price)]
Listen
I ain’t a rapper.  I’ll just take time with
A pad and a pen, a bag of weed, and I’ll make rhymes
Y’all hate mine—that’s what I’m hearing through the grapevine
But, with or without y’all niggas, I’ma make mine
Why waste time responding about this
And that?  Yadda, yadda, yadda.  Get your gat
Duke, I’m straight sick with that, smoke weed through a check-
-point, and my plates say, “DIPLOMAT.”  Listen
Y’all niggas ain’t reaching the kids.  You faggot
Fuck, add the “Beats,” he lives.  Michael Jackson

[Outro: Soul Kaliba (AKA Shawn Jackson) and Ruck (AKA Sean Price)]
Soul Kaliba (AKA Shawn Jackson): You do it.  You do the knowledge on that.  Unknown, these niggas do not know
Ruck (AKA Sean Price): DJ Mek, solidify, god.  Hahahahaha.  I’m out.  Pah!