[Intro: Tek]
Yes, hah, the name of this shit here is “Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka.”  The Fab 5

[Hook: Rock]
Yes, yes, y’all (Yes, y’all), O.G.C., Heltah Skeltah be
The best, y’all (Best, y’all), Fab 5 slam from East
To West, y’all (West y’all), sound pound straight through your
Bubble vest, y’all (Vest, y’all), and check your chest, y’all (Chest, y’all)

[Verse 1: Starang Wondah]
Ay caramba.  Starang, Gunn Clappa Numba
One on the set.  Man, I cut you like lumber
Still play the back in my thunder gear down to
My underwear, make all y’all motherfuckers wonder where
I come from, ‘cause motherfuck Dapper Dan
I’m a Gunn Clappa, fam, plus I’ll run rappers, man
Fab 5 mad live, blow up the spot
Dru Ha gets the paper, Black Moon still “Gets Da Props”

[Verse 2: Rock]
Ayyo
Next to snap a neck be big R-O-C-K
Send emcees to me in squads of three, say
“Rockness Monsta, is he for real?  It can’t be”
See him in action as he transform, that man’s me
Enemies ain’t Kotter—ain’t no Welcome Back in my home-ah
Knots get blown like quarter slots in payphones-ah
Phone home or Return like Jedi
I bet I can, without la, give your stupid ass the red eye

[Verse 3: Top Dog]
Me nah
Like niggas who can’t see pass a likkle bit
Of light.  You come test the champions, ya gon’ die
Tonight, and six-feet deep is where you sleep
Eternally resting in peace, you felt relief
Now big-up to all my true heads in the East
Stalking the block, not leaving their house without their gat
You’re best to believe that Fab 5 got my back
(Got my back) Like that (Like that)

[Verse 4: Ruck]
I control
The masses with metaphors that’s massive
Don’t ask if the nigga Ruck’ll bash shit like Cassius
I’m drastic.  When it comes to verbs, I be flipping
‘Cause herbs just be shitting off the words I be kicking
I scold you, double-headed sword for the petty
But I told you bitch niggas that heads ain’t ready
Now I’ll mold you back to the bitch that you are
Fucking with the Ruckus, get bruised, battered, and scarred

[Verse 5: Louieville Sluggah]
Guess who?
Punk, chump, your brain just blew
It’s the Originoo Gunn Clappa Two
Rushing through.  Three-on-three, you can’t see we
‘Cause we stay tight and not too many niggas wanna fight
Some sneaker-wearing nigga in the cypher of the camp
Just got amped, and so I took him out for a dance
Bigger triggers falling down
Like the Bridges of London, but ain’t too many niggas running

[Hook: Rock]
Yes, yes, y’all (Yes, y’all), O.G.C., Heltah Skeltah be
The best, y’all (Best, y’all), Fab 5 slam from East
To West, y’all (West y’all), sound pound straight through your
Bubble vest, y’all (Vest, y’all), and check your chest, y’all (Chest, y’all)

[Verse 6: Rock and Louieville Sluggah]
[Rock]
Ayyo
Why, oh why, did I need cappuccino?
Scar on my face, but I’m not Al Pacino
(With three amigos) Sparksky and Dutch will bring mo’
Drama than what? (A primetime NBC TV show)
[Louieville Sluggah]
Heads don’t know and damn sure ain’t ready
Niggas walk the streets with more Boop than Betty
(Shit’ll get heavy) Back up, retreat, now surrender
My pine hits your mind, mix thoughts just like a blender
[Rock]
Then I dish off from a shooting guard to a center
Like Rockefeller, you hit rock-bottom when you enter
[Louieville Sluggah]
O.G.C. rush the scene.  “Permission for backup”
Baseball bats attack like Jersey fools that act up
Punks and fags stand petro.  Go get
Yo’ Pepto-Bismol before this nigga let go
[Rock]
Get set
Go, which you do.  Corkscrewed, I blew through
Two crews who claim they got funk—may be true ‘cause they doo-doo

[Verse 7: Top Dog]
Everybody
‘fraid, ain’t nobody yapping no more
Have evidence on your clique, so y’all niggas hit the floor.  With that
Mouth-murdering, you got that ass in hot water
Now I just oughta send a piece to your headquarters
To take away your stripes.  You fucked up tonight
You don’t do right, you’re gwan get dead despite
Our Clik foundation stays thick through the war
I’m keeping my eye out for infiltrators at the door

[Verse 8: Starang Wondah and Ruck]
[Starang Wondah]
It’s a shame how these emcees are wannabees
Front on these and get hung up like dungarees (Please)
Ease off, selector.  Strangle
Wrecks ya, plus bust asses on whoever passes through my sector
[Ruck]
So what you gonna do when you’re stuck at thirty-two
Degrees?  Please get off your knees and follow these
Now swallow these buckshots from the rifle
Then I will make niggas “Beat It” and “Scream” like Michael
[Starang Wondah]
So how many corny emcees gwan try
When Strang sets shit off like the 4th of July?
[Ruck]
Nobody (Why?) ‘cause everybody gets bodies, my brother
I smother a nigga, then the Ruck bounce like rubber
[Starang Wondah]
Step to the stage, set the microphone on fire
Your desire, they call me “sire” ‘cause I’m flyer
(Live like wires) Beast from the East, who is he?
When I roar like a grizzly, they say, “Damn, he gets busy,” yo

[Hook: Rock]
Yes, yes, y’all (Yes, y’all), O.G.C., Heltah Skeltah be
The best, y’all (Best, y’all), Fab 5 slam from East
To West, y’all (West y’all), sound pound straight through your
Bubble vest, y’all (Vest, y’all), and check your chest, y’all (Chest, y’all)
Yes, yes, y’all (Yes, y’all), O. One, Two, Three, Ruck and Rock be
The best, y’all (Best, y’all), Fab 5 slam from East
To West, y’all (West y’all), sound pound straight through your
Bubble vest, y’all (Vest, y’all), and rocks your chest, y’all (Chest, y’all)