Heltah Skeltah - “Letha Brainz Blo”
[Emcee(s): Rock and Ruck]
[Producer(s): Baby Paul]
[Sample 1 (Melody): Johnny Pate - “The Look of Love” (0:00)]
[Sample 2 (Drums): If - “Fly, Fly, the Route, Shoot” (0:06)]

[Intro: Rock]
Punk-ass niggas, man.  Niggas don’t know, man.  I’m ready to let the brains blow, nigga.  Man, listen.  Ah

[Hook: Rock]
Let the
Madness begin, nigga, let it begin.  Let the
Madness begin and let the brains blow if you
Grin-ah.  Let it begin, let it begin
Let the madness begin and let the brains blow if you grin

[Verse 1: Rock and Ruck]
[Rock]
Ayyo
Run for your guns.  Me and son coming through
Rock Ruck you and you crew—fuck the boys in blue
This be Bucktown—around these grounds, they don’t roam ‘cause
We sends ‘em home with crazy slugs in their dome
Blown out the frame by the Rock, Mr. Flipsta
Shit’s Heltah Skeltah—where’s the Inflicsta?
[Ruck]
Right by your side with my eyes on the posse
I see duke in red, he said he wanna drop me (Word?)
Plus he claims he can burn me up in rap skits
[Rock]
Shit
Take it to his grill, ask the punk what he feel (Fuck him)
Two to his cheek ‘cause he weak, so’s his jaw.  Nigga
Played hisself fronting like he hard to the core
More I hear pussy talk, more I wan’ flip, see
I got enough slugs for your mom in my clip
Strip to your drawers, run your dough and your jewels, tool’s
Cocked, it ain’t April 1st, but I’m breaking fool
Warn punk niggas: test Rock, it’s like touching live
Wire, catch a shock to your knot from a Glock that
I pop.  You don’t want it with the Rock, better duck
Dumb fucks, you’re out of luck, you got caught by the Ruck (Let the madness begin)
[Ruck]
First of all
Niggas don’t know jack.  My flow’s fat, so fat
My gat splat at niggas who claim that my shit’s wack
You don’t know?  I thought you knew it.  Too late, bitch, you blew it
Now I’ma bang your shit up like I was Lennox Lewis
One (One), two (Two), three, four, five (Five)
Six, seven, eight niggas, so, shit, where’s my nine?
Mill, I drill fine skills into your mental
Block, I hit your temple hot, become gentle not
You must mistake me for a sucker type of motherfucker
Might lose his life ‘cause I’m trife in the night

[Hook: Rock]
Aight
Let the madness begin and let it begin.  Let the
Madness begin and let the brains blow if you’re
Grinning

[Verse 2: Ruck]
What’s the deal nigga?  Set it off in the dark
I spark marks when the big Ruck flips the art
The raw rapper, jaw tapper, Ruckus kick it wicked
Keep it real, my clique roll thick like Hasidics
Plus, “I’ll Be There” like Jackson, breaking your backs and
Asking, “Who want more?”—that’s when my gat spin
So, chump chill ‘fore my pump kill.  You wanna
Ill?  Still, Ruck knock out your front grill
The lyrical whatever, ‘cause whatever is lyrical
I’ll bring forth thoughts beyond those of physical
Raps get deep when I mack with my peeps
You yapping ‘bout beef, you’ll get clapped in the streets, bitch
This nigga Ruck is fucking crazier than ten niggas
I send niggas to hell, full of my rhymes, and then I bend niggas
So what?  Pussy, bring it on.  Word is bond
Sean got songs that’s mad strong

[Hook: Rock]
Aight, we let
The madness begin-ah, let it begin.  Let
The madness begin and let the brains blow if you
Grin-ah.  Let it begin, let it begin
Let the madness begin and let the brains blow if you grin

[Verse 3: Rock]
Man
Listen, another nigga bluffing.  Punk, fuck
Discussion.  When you see me, get to snuffing.  You’re sweet as muffins
That mom dukes baked, I break.  Yeah, my Timberlands
Make everything from your head to your North Lakes
Ache, so take your monkey ass to the rear
Toe-to-toe or blow-for-blow, we could square, yeah
My brass knuckles make your knees buckle.  What, duke?
I lay more niggas flat out on their back than a slut do
Who knows what you seem to be?  I didn’t gas you
But you can keep it moving ‘fore I beat your gassed ass, you
Punk bastard, you could get the gat quick or your ass
Kicked.  That dry shit your lips spit?  Get the Chapstick
Or a fat dick, and that’s it.  Heltah
Skeltah letting the brains blow, and that’s if...

[Hook: Rock]
We let
The madness begin, we let it begin.  Let
The madness begin and let the brains blow if you grin
Ah, let the madness
Begin, let the brains blow if you grin.  Let
The madness begin-ah, let it begin.  Let
The madness begin and let the brains blow if you
Grin-ah.  Let the madness begin, let it
Begin, let the brains blow if you grin
Let the madness begin, let the madness begin
Let the madness begin and let the brains blow if you
Grin-ah.  We let the madness begin-ah
We let the brains blow if you
Grin-ah

[Outro: Rock]
Make way for fhe dreads and the ‘fros ‘cause we let the brains blow.  Punk-ass