[Intro: Sean Price]
Jesus!
Hahahaha, knahmean? Trust me baby
F'real man
Aiyyo Khrysis
My life will still be existin while I shit on opponents B
Aiyyo, listen

[Verse 1: Sean Price]
All joking aside, all vocals aside
I will fuck yo' ass up pah; fuck I look like huh?
Yeah, now back to the music, some niggas backpack to the music
When I rap, I smoke black and sell crack to the music
Even crackers can adapt to the music, they like "Ruckus you're rad"
My son like "They can't fuck wit'chu dad", true
I'm puffin the 'dro, I'm clutchin the fo'
Sell a verse for a G pah, hustle and flow
You can't act like you don't but motherfuckers all know
Who's the nicest Sean Price is motherfucker let's go
Go, line for line, rhyme for rhyme
Ten paces turn around shoot nine for nine
You can tell by the rhyme it's my time to shine
Let's eat, motherfucker I don't dine on swine
I don't beef with turkeys I told you the God'll fold you
Hard to digest I suggest that you take tofu

[Hook]
Aiyyo I hate niggas like you, fake niggas like you
Take niggas like you, shake niggas like you
Punch you in the face, straight break niggas like you
When I'm high no tellin the fuck Ruck might do
Hate niggas like you, fake niggas like you
Take niggas like you, shake niggas like you
Punch you in the face, straight break niggas like you
When I'm high no tellin the fuck Ruck might do

[Sean Price]
Aiyyo, I mastered "The Art of War" before a nigga read Sun Tzu
Third degree black belt master of gun-fu
Pop pills, smoke weed, even get drunk too
You do what you can and I do what I want to
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuttin ta fuck wit
Boot Camp Clik ain't nuttin ta Wu-Tang
Niggas seem shocked by the way that I do thangs
Song with Destiny's Child, I still ride the 2 train
Sometimes I feel like I'm the best in my field
But I'm not and I'm broke so I go invest in some krillz
My nerd niggas say fuck rap and find you a trade
I got weight on the plate bitch, find me a blade
I'm tryin to get paid, yo' punk ass is tryin to get robbed
Gimme the gauge, excuse me while I get on my job
Listen, Sean Price is the nicest to write poems
I never say the same shit twice, like Mike Jones

[Hook]
Aiyyo I hate niggas like you, fake niggas like you
Take niggas like you, shake niggas like you
Punch you in the face, straight break niggas like you
When I'm high no tellin the fuck Ruck might do
Hate niggas like you, fake niggas like you
Take niggas like you, shake niggas like you
Punch you in the face, straight break niggas like you
When I'm high no tellin the fuck Ruck might do
P!

[Clip from "The Spirit of Truth"]
Are you laughing beouch?
Do you find it funny?
Do you find it funny?
Huh? So wait, you ain't, you ain't ca, you ain't hear me then?
Get it again? Okay I'mma say it again
I come in the name of Jesus! Repeat it after me bitch!
I come in the name of Jesus by the power of the holy spirit!
God all mighty, you know, ruler of heaven and earth and every god damn thing in between!