[Intro: Sean Price]
I am so cool, cool ,cool, cool

[Hook: Sean Price]
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
Who's the nicest Emcee, nigga?
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
Who rap better than P, nigga?
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
Beretta or Desert Eag's, nigga?
(I just wanna ask ya, I want ya to know)

[Verse 1: Sean Price]
A-yo
Nigga's acting tough, until I shmack
The impact will blow trees back and crack statues
Pistol whip your shit, stick in the clip and then clap you
That's when I smash you, reading the book of Matthew
I be the best to do it, the leader of the new school while the rest is true it
You had a chance but I guess you blew it
Piss on your grave, now you all can rest in fluid
Listen, Knife on my right the pistol is left
Sell a black nigga crack, white crystal meth
Drug money, my niggas stay scrapping plates
Stay dirty, you can tell by my bathing ape
I shoot your rap book, rifle your hood rhymes
Running wild, funny style, Michael from Good Times
Sean Price, Babu on the beats
Better watch where you walk, 'fore you stabbed in your feet
P!

[Hook: Reek]
Yeah
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
Why the fuck is your bitch checkin' me when she with you?
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
Why the fuck I ain't get signed yet?
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
Do you want your motherfucking jaw broke, nigga?
(I just wanna ask ya, I want ya to know]

[Verse 2: Reek]
I don't answer questions when they asked by the police
'Cause I don't know you and him, and him and you do don't know me
There must have been a mixup, I wasn't in Brownsville
I was out in the Stuy with some bitch getting my dick sucked
What you mean how the fuck his chain got around my neck?
How his watch on my wrist?
He gave it to me as gift
I don't know how all your money got in my pocket
But your bitch in my bed, 'cause your honey I'm cockin'
Beating niggas half to death, ref you gotta stop it
When Master P drop Mic Tyson you better cop it
If you don't your chest we gon' heckle and [?] it
Not even a vest could slow 'em down or block it
Who told you that I buy things, sell 'em and make a profit?
That's just an air hustler, fussing and making gossip
The names Reek and big business is what I'm repping
And I'm tired of giving answers quit asking these fucking questions

[Hook: Ruste Juxx]
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
Why your ugly ass moms ain't use birth control?
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
Why the fuck your timbs always leaning like the Tower of Pisa
(I just wanna ask ya one question)
How the fuck you got a caesar with waves in the front and an afro shag in the back?
(I just wanna ask ya, I want you to know)

[Verse 3: Ruste Juxx]
Yo how it took you thirty years just to sound ight?
When I spit my first rhyme niggas knew I was nice
How your girl gave brain to me, Buck, and Starang
On tour, ran a train, but you love her the same
Why your man frontin' like he got a gun on his waist?
Said I tried to style on him, got punched in his face
Why that bitch body banging and her ass so fat
But her grill like she got smacked with a spike bat
Why the feds taking pictures and looking through my window?
I'm still sippin' gin and juice, smoking on some Indo
Why your pen game is weaker than the tracks you be spittin' on?
Keep your day job, you ain't never getting on
Why y'all niggas on your knees taking back shots?
Never slung a slingshot, let alone a crack rock
Why the fuck you ask so many questions?
Left field, shift from different directions
Fuck out of here