[Intro Sample]
“Jesus Christ, what are you wearing that big mama-lama for?”
“Well, when I called this meeting tonight I figured I might have to kill me a couple of niggas just to keep everybody in line. It’s better if everybody’s more afraid of me than they are The Man.”

[Verse 1: Sean Price]
Gather ‘round motherfucker, as a matter of fact
Stay away motherfucker, 'fore I slap off your hat
P! Fuck is this hip hop?
Pop shit, pop fifth, quick in your hip hop
Ain’t shit funny like a joke from Chris Rock
Violate, annihilate, bitch get your shit rocked, P!
“When you droppin’ your next shit?”
Whenever I feel like, whenever it feel right
I feel like the shit you be spittin’ is real light
I kill mics, nigga, I be spittin’ the real life
Like, father is dying, my brother is sick
I breast-fucked my wife 'til white stuff on her tits
One of the best, suggest you think, son
Instead I get hate, eat a dick on a frank bun
You think smart, I think stupid
I think Frank Matthews and you think Frank Lucas
P! Big bank intentions
Cut a motherfucker, Sean Shank Redemption
Steady the Glock, hear my gun
Ready or not, here I come
But I’m...

[Hook x8]
I’m still doin’ my thing, bells they still ring

[Verse 2: Starvin B]
Verses abused, I’m like the cruelest form of persecution
Never disillusioned like institutions servin’ solution
You heard the music, we producin’ it, murders, confusion
Allow me to introduce him to perfect seclusion
In a lane of my own, that’s shamed and alone—foul
Under the illest, save my name in your phone
Engrave it in stone, try not to grow an extra chromosome
When my song is on, pack your bong, put your momma on
Weather won’t bring dram, need the castle for Comicon
Nobody feelin’ this super villain, hear what I’m rhymin’ on
Starving like twenty minutes before dawn on Ramadan
Time keep tickin’, can’t rewind these visions
Living like international spies on a street mission
Can't take the  heat, get your bare feet out the kitchen
Class is twitching waiting for the masses to dismiss ‘em
Hack your operating system and search for my next victim

[Hook]

[Outro Samples]
“You need to stop bullshittin’ and be serious. You’re not serious, that’s why you’re always playing around. He says the truth.”
“And he is right, isn’t he?”
“Yeah, he is”
“I wish one of your guys had children so I kick them in the fucking head or stomp on their testicles. So you can feel my pain, ‘cause that’s the pain I have.”