[Intro] [Bad Seed talking]:
Yeah. It's your boy Bad Seed man. Yo my man PackFM called me on the phone said, "Yo, I need you to come through, drop these eight bars, spit on these niggas man, stomp these niggas the fuck out man. Bad Seed in the motherfuckin' building man, I just came in the motherfuckin' building, I gave Tone, I gave my nigga PackFM a pound, I said "what's good?", cats and all that good shit. Now I'm in the motherfuckin' mic booth it's CRAZY! SUP-ER!

[Verse One: Bad Seed]
You had a good run but you got a problem today
You look tough, but shiiiit, nigga Karamo was gay
And I'm a botty bwoy killa so I'm armed with a K
"Bang bang on them niggas", that's what my momma would say
Bad Seed, you already know
Front, and the tec will blow
Middle finger icey like I finger pop Eskimos
And I stretch an O, shoot the five, stress a ho
I love beef it go good with you vegetables

[Session]
You a bitch dawg, ya e-mail broke
That's not true, it's your man, not you, he sell coke
You stay at home making sure your e-mails wrote
Dawg, I can see your pussy like a female goat
Boo!
Bitch ass nigga, through the speaker you flinch
My moms your grandma kid, your cheeks will get pinched
Session, will make you feel like you got knocked with a brick
Rock Timbo's on my hands, get stomped with my fists

[Copywrite]
I fuck chicks with little frames
Who don't know my first, last or middle name
Little strange, she's mumbling "Copywrite" while she's givin' brain
Kane kicked her out, said "?" go get his gang
She don't know we Mash Out Posses for a Lil' Fame
A little chain a cross for me
You got gingivitis though, when you floss you bleed
Should have been at your dentist before trying to talk to me
Cause talk is cheap and you ain't got Blue Cross to speak
So stop your speech you got capisci?

[Hook] [Poison Pen]
You get stomped
Beef or no beef I'm hittin' his jaw
Make sure his teeth litter the floor
You get stomped
It's Penny Pen Pen
Cee got the twenty twen twen
I got the Henny Hen Hen
Stop starin' you won't go there
When we face to face you eyein' your shoestrings
You get stomped
? around these niggas
Left hook, right hook, merry-go-round these niggas

[Verse Two] [Arch Rival]
I'm an animal when this beats on
Shut it off when the beefs on
Like Mecca gettin' my beast on
Trample you with cleats on
Violence will erupt if you're daily holdin' a grudge
I'll stomp your face till they have to wipe you off the ground with a sponge
I'm Arch Rival
Nice guy, simply the best
But if the crowd disrespects I lose it like Ron Artest
And if you gotta die I'll do the honors
But before that you gettin' fried just to prove bloods thicker than water

[Sean Price]
Ayo this super size slug sender
Saturday night special shooter
Who sips sizzurp and burp buddah
This amateur night, niggas get boo'd
The sandman comes out
Tap dance with the tool like blam blam
Sean's the best
Motherfuckers under arrest
Biting the flow
Handcuffs, gun and a vest
Fuck around I'll puncture the lungs in ya chest
Just blast the chump
He ain't breathing, where's the asthma pump?
Fuck around, I'll eat your food like I ain't had no lunch
Somalian speech
Ethiopian flies on my cheek
Nobody raps real, in your realness raps
Is a bunch of bullshit
How real is that?
Feel this gat
Pressed on the side of your neck
Boot Camp, show the size of respect
Motherfucker

[PackFM]
This the shit they play when I'm about to
Stomp the shit out ya
Body parts in garbage cans, Oscar The Grouch ya
I'm back with the outlaws, walkin' like some simians
And in the end, the whole room lookin like some Indians
Red dots everywhere, nothing you can say or do
Play me like an X-box, I'll leave you with a halo too/Halo 2
Put mileage on your S. Dots, I'm waiting nigga, make a move
You talkin slick? I guess not, you take his kicks, I'll take his jewels
Niggas fag scented when they rap about things
I'll punch a nigga in his face, you tryin to cock back and swing
Tryin to slap box? Stop that, we no practicing
I took my jacket off to fight, you puttin on Vaseline?
My scruples is screwed up, ain't no stoppin the fight
I ain't know left from wrong, grew up without the option of right
Don't get stopped at the light
We'll set it off for no reason
The body count will send CSI into extra Seasons
Stomp