[Intro from Breaking Bad]
Walter White: Who are you talking to right now? You clearly don't know who you're talking to. So let me clue you in. I am not in danger. I am the danger!

[Verse One: Sean Price]
Off with the rhyme
I'll have y'all niggas walking the line
Blindfolded, the nine I'm holding is blowing your mind
[?] gon' blow while your ho blowing our mind
I'm ready to flow, show over she gon' owe us some time
P!
Sean Price
Soda on the side, chicken soup with the long rice
Smoker on the Sidekick on duke and your mom's type
Toyota with the nine, split your group with the [?]
Yes
When I aim the chronze
Then take your chain off, it's the same old Sean
P!
Predicate felon
I'm fresh but no doe though, the elegant peasant
Investing in the Tec's, master of malice
Sketch your Internet that was for Dallas
Too tough, got niggas that's poo putsz
Start getting your friends and in the end it's a crew cut
I white sheet niggas, no Klu Klux
No hype beast nigga my shoe's tough
Piece of shit from day one
AIDS bitch, shape shift your face and shank son

[Hook: Vinnie Paz] {x2}
It's the Machete Mode, hit 'em and I bet he fold
You can find me where the deadliest of weapon's sold
A.O.T.P. to the death, every sentence gold
Call the bomb squad, lethal when the pen explode

[Verse Two: Esoteric]
Clap at a rapper and smack him up with a track that fractures
You are fragile actor
Get jacked and trapped in my trash compactor
My knack for hacking up cadavers that's a massive factor
Pterodactyl wrap the number in the rafter end of chapter
Y'all just a bunch of them herbs
Y'all must be stuck on some words
While I'm dropping album and album ain't you fucking heard?
Czarface, Machete Mode, Killmatic, Pharaoh's next
A.O.T.P. play the CD, hater's see me cashing checks
I'm a dungeon dragon that's done with rapping
I'm thunder clapping, lungs are platinum
They're double magnum that's why I'm bucking at 'em
I'm up and at 'em, I'm a Lamborghini, you a covered wagon
I'd love to rag 'em but what you're at is just a fraction
Of my real life
Labels make excuses like so much has happened
And you're just focused on basic rhymers and fake designers
Yo I'll mash on your clique
Ayo you cats make me sick
The Danger Remix, Machete Mode up in this bitch

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Chino XL]
Mercury and arsenic mixed inside of a silver bullet
Stake in the heart try to stop the art of this unholy music
Lord of the coroner, tearing your jaw with a moment
Brick and mortar, wreaking horror
The ground it worships me for walking on it
I'm high as hell and all loony
Floating through the galaxy without Gravity
Channeling Sandra Bullock and George Clooney
Scribbling how I hate you all
While I drink blood from a rabbi smoking Hitler's ashes
Out of a murdered woman's skull
I'm obviously, constantly visiting Hell like Constantine
Dwelling in between the seen and the unseen
Methamphetamines injected in my spleen
Demons and evil beings
Trying to intervene for times that are [?]
For me a 16 is just a trampoline
When we began trampling, shaking the Earth like a tambourine
Ain't no breaking or tampering
Peeling your brain like a tangerine
Spit spray, I'm Listerine, quicker than an antihistamine
I was born with a twist of the pinch of unclean beasts in these monsters genes
They became relevant and evident in my preteens
I was dedicated and decedent, intelligent with verbal painting
I would drag around dead things and behead things
Pets, stray animals, action figures consider my best friends
Then I discovered bouncing freak bitches on my bed springs
Then Heaven convinced me
That I was sick and type mythical with ink pens
Wanted to reach the pinnacle then with limited gems
Critical fans could see that what I'd written was different
Distributed images of the grim cinematic lens
Till I'm an all critical man that is drowning in his pitiful sins
Bionical,  leave you needing a monocle
Like dude in Monopoly game
Physical frame was of an animal, granted
Brain is an uninhabitable planet
I'm your dame's favorite genital magnet
Which leads you angered that my unimaginable talent
Anchored in balance, flagrant and violent
Resurrect Ronald Reagan and blinded him
Get your face structure shattering your neck in a brace
I'm a dog in a cemetery shitting on your final resting place
Fuck out of here

[Outro from Breaking Bad]
Skyler White: Walt, I've said it before, if you are in danger we go to the police...
Walter White: Oh, no. I don't want to hear about the police!
Skyler White: I do not say that lightly!
Walter White: You clearly don't know who you're talking to so let me clue you in. I am not in danger. I am the danger!