[Ruck whispering]
Oooh... astonishing!

[Rock, (Repz)]
Uh-ha! What do we have here?
Caught up in the center of the square
(We equal emcee squared)
Every corner locked down
Four corners, take position, four soldiers
Every where ya turn there's one, boy

[Hook: Rock, (Repz)]
We be Triple R rated, but we form a Square
(We equal emcce squared)
Ruck and Rock, Representativz, ya worst nightmare
(We equal emcee squared)
Yo, when push came to shove, then I pushed and shoved
(We equal emcee squared)
Slugs in a nigga's mug, when he show us no love
(We equal emcee squared)

[Supreme]
Check it, styles surrounds to pound emcee's
Testin we, gets grooved in three
As in the Triple R, my troups get biz by far
Supreme steams through ya team and leaves scars
We formed The Square, now there's nowhere to turn to
Burn through crews wit troups that's Nocturnal
Writin my journal, my first mission
Shittin on these faggot emcees, this industry's in submission

[Rock]
Yo, who's The Square there squared wit the back bender?
I beat blood out of ya number one contender
The Representativz are, sent to give drama
While I sneak up behind ya to put space in ya back like a comma
Time to battle, escape? How? Trapped in four corners
Plus the walls are closing in on ya
Like that karate instructor in that Bart Simpson commercial
I hurt you, by droppin' bombs, Gods universal

[Lidu Rock]
Niggas be actin sweet like ladies and if they try and play me
Lidu Rock will come through at wet ya block like the navy
Display mine, on point, God, The Square keep
Label me as the nigga that smoked the Grym Reaper
Undercover like a Campian wearin sneakers
Great ya wit a boot to ya face, then see ya
Off out on the range, beware of my terrain
Four levels of pain, you got caught, so who's to blame?

[Ruck]
Man the battle station, as I plan to rattle a nation
Rock, Lidu Rock and Supreme, the team you be facin
My mind's place in, between a rock and a hard place
But the God's safe, Rock's my man and the hard place and y'all gay
We Triple R, cripple y'all, get ya crutches
Sparsky and Dutch is, rockin mad domes, causin ruckus
Who give a fuck if ya nice, ya get mangled and mashed
Like dope fiends dyin' off of Tango and Cash

[Hook]

[Lidu Rock]
We be Triple R rated, but we form a Square
Tranform like Decept's into a cubic shape and dare
Anyone to test this, I done roll wit the best fish
That sam wit the sharks, against crews that mad me restless
I bet this, here energy, you'll blow the vencinity
And blast motha fuckas who approach me like the enemy
I'm simply holdin my angle down, Jack
So if ya self-defence is war, then I suggest you attack

[Ruck]
Aiyyo, we equal emcee squared, dare tempt me
Empty shells, now ya layin where playas and pimps be
On microphones wit hyper tones
That's when I swipe ya bones wit knife and chromes
See, I'm R rated, pa' hated when I made it
In ya rap game, cuz ya plane's been invaded
I laced it like sneakers and funny cigarettes
Niggas get wet from flows they ass couldn't figure yet

[Supreme]
Make way for the bum rush, niggas get touched
Ya think ya tough, bring in the drama, if ya crew's rough
What? For motha fucks up in ya visual
Deliver blows to foes in my peripheral
My ill subliminal attack pety individuals
Tired of cliches, these days who come original?
Like criminals, and you get bust and such
Test my Triple R rated and get crushed to dust

[Rock]
Yo, we blew through the door, I said it before
You asked for it, who want beef? While here's war!
We two emcee's squared, equal four rated Triple R
Leave you pretty boy playas scared, trapped in cars
When will you piranha's learn?
Bitin my shit, Larry, you fish burn
Here in The Square, where you runnin, G?
You rather be trapped in a lion's den wit pork chop draws, then front on me

[Hook x2]

[Rock]
Make way...

*various indistinct talk*