[L.E.G.A.C.Y.]
I'm back to the grit, kind of like breakfast
Back on some shit, you kind of like smelt it
Sand in your city and this is all real
Asking bitches "Did you miss me?" like I'm Varnell Hill
Sha-boing boing, classic as that two-sided coin join
The best writer since the Donald Goines joints
I'm throwing lunch back, L.E.G.'s waiting on dinner
I got my buzz back like Kevin Bacon on "Tremors"
Better hold something cause I'm shaking things up
Throw something? Nah I'm breaking things up
I'm flipping over tables in meetings with the labels
Wrote a letter to the industry, it says "I will save you"
Sincerely yours, the Carolina savior
Settle the score, I don't care for these majors
Run deep in still waters, H-O-J
Suicide's flawless, that's the only way

[Phonte]
Yeah, let me at 'em
Aha ... time to head buss 'em
If they really wanted war, they would've said something
Labels, I don't trust 'em
Cause if they can't market a Pooh, sell a 'Te or break a +L.E.G.+, fuck 'em
Was on my F.E. shit for the past year
Travelling all around the world singing to Mademoiselles
But I knew that if y'all saw "featuring Phonte" on this record
And I only did a hook, then y'all would be mad as hell
So I had to take it back to the old 'Te
I mean the Bull City, Cornwallis rolled 'Te
The ten dollars in his pocket, still bold 'Te
The why-the-fuck-can't-he-ever-do-what-he-told 'Te
Because if you can't fear me then you are clearly
One of the dumbest niggas since O.J
This is my TKO, I mean my Typical Kirk Out
"'Te got the best workout" what them hoes say

[Chaundon]
Come on man, who fucking with Chaundon?
Lit up the entire situation like the complexion of Krondon
Ain't a Craftmatic that I won't lay ya moms on
Bust two nuts and then I'm gone
Swear these rap niggas is Norm Bates dressing like women
Back then they be gay, but today they make a killing?
Faggots keep they feet towards the ceiling
That Louis Vuitton rap is all wack, who said it was appealing?
Ten bars in, another Technical Knock Out
Wack rappers always use the term "hating" as a cop-out
Step to your punk-ass army
But y'all don't want a war, y'all throwing towels in as if you doing laundry
Bad for your health, got news for you niggas
Need a noose for you niggas, go and hang yourself
If you mad then you considered a bitch
There's more wack niggas in the game than Jews printed on the Schindler's List

[Sean Price]
One part Henny, one part Hypno
A +Slice+ of +Kimbo+ and a pinch of Apocalypto
Animal bars, niggas is Granola raps
Richard nut-hugging jeans, dude got rough, rugged bean brr!!
Fuck the colorful tight shit
Meshell Ndegeocello, hello, lovable dyke shit
I might hit niggas with all my mic lift
Niggas on the phone, telling +dog+ you +Mike Vick+
Brr! I smoke a doobie with the rascals
Hardcore boom, no room for Lupe Fiascos
Don't rhyme for robots, rap for mo' gwap
My stock rising, so I ride with the fo' cocked
No stash box, I keep it in my lap
And I ain't stopping for cops, believe a nigga' raps
Leave it at that, Sean Price, Kareem Said
Put hands on a nigga when he stain my weed
Brr! Motherfucker ... haha