X-Ray Da Mindbenda ft. Sean Price and Tame One - “X-Tacy Radio”
[Emcee(s): Sean Price and Tame One]
[Producer(s): X-Ray Da Mindbenda]

[Verse 1: Sean Price]
Check it.  It go:
Yeah, stop playing
It's not what you’re saying, it's what you're not saying
You’re not saying Sean the best, so now you're in a
Pine box, arms folded, hand across your chest.  I
Testified, the best is I
Sean Price nice, and all the rest you die
Petrified, bitch niggas scared to death.  I'll let
The forty-four air your flesh—bow!
Underrated, upgraded, updated the flow
Mad nice—stop hating the growth
Niggas want to see the veteran flop.  I put out
Monkey Barz, now niggas say I'm better than Rock
Niggas act like they're better than Pac.  “All Eyez on Him”
Get (“Pah!”), all nines on him.  Fuck it
Stop jocking the next man
Or catch a hot one in your headband. P!

[Verse 2: Tame One]
You?  You're on
Some bullshit—toro, toro.  Me?  I'm known from
Old-school niggas that sell more cookies than sell a thorough
From Brick City to borough, thorough as usual.  Get
Used to the style more corrupted than computer files
The slept-on don, the kept-on phenomenon, I'm
Phenomenal, plus I’m unstoppable, I will follow you
Do what I gotta do like barbeque all of you
Raise the stakes with a bar or two, bet on the mic like
Rick Ross, popping like that young bitch lip gloss
Cough, dip off, get my shit hit off when I dip off
I just want enough to live off, not claiming cheese like
Excess.  You measure success with bling, ringed bracelets
For your necklace, I’ll French-kiss chicks you're only friends with
Hitting what you can’t get, then I talk shit ‘cause
I hate your chocolate, the total opposite of popping shit
Your insufficient data makes your jam approximate, so you
Could catch me at the shark bar, fishing for bitches with steak
Tartar and caviar and more cabbage than the salad bar
Half of y'all want to go half and have my seed—hello!
I R. Kelly, yellow pee/P over G's
Down on your knees, birds and bees, donkeys
Monkeys, and the trees.  This is rated triple-X
Fuck-you music, so imagine having me back at
The station wagon, bragging with your shorties

[Verse 3: Sean Price]
Yo
Rap murderer, cat burglar
Malcolm X before he converted to Islam
The god Sean shine on my tracks, all of my raps
Are official, you wishing you could rap like that.  Now
Cypher, y'all niggas is clowns to pounce like ya
A party in my pants, bitch, and I won’t even like ya.  Listen
My people hot with the beat, P hot on the street
People walk by when cop on the street.  See
When I rap, y'all niggas take notice
When you rap, niggas notice you're bogus, focused
On me, Sean Price the brokest emcee
Heroin addict, literally the dopest emcee
Let the don, Sean one of the best you're not knowing
Bust a shot, now the whole top of your knot explosion
Niggas get frozen, gripping the Fifth, posing
Leave your ass shivering, I'll deliver this bitch frozen

[Verse 4: Tame One]
I want
The ends for them ostrich-skin Timbs and them Ed Hardy
Hoodies and so many girls to fuck I smell pudussy
When chicks send me their pics on computers with their hooters out
Fit for my taste, so I stay wilding on Myspace
While I chase chickens, I will eventually get ‘em
Get it in, cinnamon, potpourri puss-puss feminine
Eminem sell female dirty detail emails
Fine then.  Wait ‘til I see the tail on ‘em.  I'll
Wail/Whale on ‘em like an orca, pork her hole, call on
The hotties, bling-bling addicts, not white, Green Day green jacket
With the pink, a minute again, bang any friends
Smack two to the end like ten, Nine to the
TEC, rhymes to the death?  It depends if I go off
Or to show off how big my balls are.  The New
Jeru All-Star, none of you win a Clark Bar
Har-har, I get busy with the horror