[Intro]
The motherfucking saga continues

[Eazy-E:]
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
It's the world's biggest dick
Don't matter just don't bite it
But does she suck a good dick?
Don't matter just don't bite it
She swallowed it...

[Skit: Erotic Conversation]
Awww shit, I want to come, turn... turn around
I want you to sit on it, sit on it...
GODDAMN! - I said ride my dick not bend my dick, SHIT!

[Narrator 1: Husband]
Does your bitch know how to ride your dick?
Would you consider your bitch to be a stallion?
Well, my bitch didn't, so I went out and bought the newest Smoke-A-Lot booklet
The Art of Riding Dick!

[Narrator 2: Wife]
Lesson 3 first you straddle the rock hard dick
Getting ready for positioning
Now, it's time to shift gears; face down, ass up
As he begins rocking in, out of your wet pussy
Pushing back harder, urging him to fuck your harder
And before you know it: SPLASH!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Kick it slow, is the tempo, and Tech is gonna flow
As I engaged I wrote this page to let you know
How the nigga be runnin' the game on these dames like ahh...
Nigga, with the money and women and the...
All with the motherfuckin' dick better...
Greetings, better ???
Seriously speakin, for the 99 I'm reachin'
Seeking, got the number and now I'm wonderin' if she bogus
Now my focus, just to pop her just like Orville Reddenbacher
Check it out, she was a thick ass young up in Timberland
Hooked up with her Thursday night, the bitch acts strange
Wore her sweat suits, so she can hide that good
I'm tryin' to get it up in that hog, like Tiger Wood
Soccer shit, I listen to an every problem down my dick
It's hope, she stick in the bop in time to hit
I put her close and told her I'll be there
She got a man, I got a woman, but now I'm playin' with the coochie hair
Now it's on, now it's on, fuck the phone
Cause when I'm hittin' the stresses are all gone
Now, she's begging me to knock her pussy dead
I already got my plan, just cause I'm a take her to the bed
Then I'm a give her a show here, then I'm a run that ass down like a procaire
Now, she is askin' about multiple dicks
Shit, I'm on some more Manson manipulative shit
You're best be friend...

[Hook:]
Late night, when you're rollin' in the streets
Creepin', call on me alone
Stallion, baby, I'm need of your love
Creep with me, cause you know, you're my good friend

[Verse 2: Yukmouth]
Aiy, aiy, aiy, once I was kickin' it at the drive-in
Left the car full of motherfuckers drove-in
Yo, at first I thought they was going to start some trouble
But no, four niggas smoking weed inside a brand new Tex' Bauble
Now, what you niggas think? - they got me chronic and that's slogan
All I see is niggas chokin'gand that fuckin' window smoking
And I'm over here having a fit, cause this bitch that I'm with
Got me smoking on that Bama of weed shit, I'm like damn!
They need to walk over to the GS
To purchase up sack of chronic instead of fuckin' with this 3S
So I told that bitch, that I'm with
That I'm goin' to get some more cigars
Then got the fuck out the car
Went to the next corner, looked through the window
It seemed they're smokin' Indo with some bitches I knew
They let me in y'all, and my turn was like next
I snatched their Moét and guzzled their shit, like overtry from the Sess
Here it go ahead, hit it, hit it
Passed me the weed, she snatched my dick up out my drawers
Then gave a nigga some Head-To-Toe with it
I didn't cum for that shit that she does
Then break her scrikkie scratch nikkie, cause she shiest out
Pinky bitch sciddie caver
Spigotty splash goes the cum, as I bust nut
Bust nut, all in her face, suck a blunt up then raised the fuck up
Back to the car pretend I never sinned
You can be my stallion and play girl I'll be your friend
You're best be friend...

[Hook]

[Verse 3: MC Ren]
90 percent of these bitches still want to nut
One and two, what the fuck would you niggas do if that shit was you?
Bitches be all in a nigga grill, want to sneak to taste
Want the niggas to nut all up in their face, I fuck these whores any place
The villain don't be havin' to fuck them when I let them see it
When I open they shit and start gabblin, so be it
I get loony, I make they mouths all yucky
If she wanna love me long time when the suckie suckie
With the attitude, this is part three
Part four be the shit when your bitch look for me
Ugh, Villain be watchin' these whores jumpin' like crickets
Tryin' to find a nigga hotel so their ass can lick it
This is for my nigga E, this is how the shit supposed to be
Talkin' about these stanky hoes constantly
But the Villain keep the nigga shit goin'
Long as my motherfuckin' dick keep growin'
Ugh, Ren and Yuk, really don't give a fuck, with that nigga Tech N9ne
He'll freeze up your spine, tryin' to fuck with mine
Ugh, all my niggas shit
Cause this bitch sucked that hellified dick
Shakin' that ass like the soul shaker
Now, she is dancin' on the floor with a skirt no panties on
I saw her hangin' in the alley
Bragging to her friends how she whoring in the valley

[Hook]

[Narrator 3: Wife]
There you have it, a job well done
Yeah, awww shit, (Moaning)

[Outro: Erotic Conversation]
Take it, take it, take it to the Tech N9ne and take it back on
Then I want you to Yukmouth and take
And take MC Ren and take
To join the whole fuckin' basehead
Yeah, yeah, give me, give me...