[Hook]
Wrist, wrist, mix up the hooch (Yeah!)
Mix up the hooch (Up the hooch)
No this not Goose, this the hooch
Yeah, off the hooch, umm yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Feelin' kinda loose off the hooch
Yeah, loose off the hooch (Off the hooch)
Mix, mix, wrist, mix, mix, wrist up the hooch (Yeah!)
Mix up the hooch, umm yeah

[Verse 1]
Fly done changed (Yeah!)
All in the mall, I ain't got no brain (Yeah!)
Doin' shit together we can't do again (Straight up!)
Brooklyn with the combo, I'll put in pain
Ooh, I'm back for another one
Ooh, I like the way you wind it (It's lit!)
Ooh, I hate when we're distant (Yeah!)
Ooh, she want a Michael, she don't do Jermaines (hee-hee)
Prince with the hundreds, yeah, purple rain (hee-hee)
Roll me up a Backwood, I can't do no planes (hee-hee)
When I take a sip, I swear I know myself (Yeah!)
I can teach your ass the combo, don't tell nobody else (Straight up!)

[Hook]
Wrist, wrist, mix up the hooch (Up the hooch)
Mix up the hooch (Up the hooch)
No this not Goose, this the hooch
Yeah, off the hooch, umm yeah
Feelin' kinda loose off the hooch (Yuh!)
Yeah (yah!), loose off the hooch
Mix, mix, wrist, mix, mix, wrist up the hooch (It's lit!)
Mix up the hooch (Straight up!)

[Verse 2]
Yuh, Clark Gable
Ain't no actin', leave your feelings at the crap table
In the party, I got jiggas in my Winnebago
Only horses, don't do Porsches cause they're never stable
Off the hooch juice, ooh
Off the hooch juice, ooh
Pop two tens, that's a twenty, we just started
Damn I'm sorry if I end up crashin' in garages
Yeah, think you run your city but you're barely joggin'
Yeah, think I'm shitting on you but I barely farted
Yeah, might just cop the 'parment, put it in apartment, yeah, yeah
Biggie Poppa way I hit my baby, baby, yeah, yeah
Lil Wayne on the bracelets for a Cartier, yeah, yeah
V. Live or V. Live I cannot choose
If I tell you the combo can I trust you?
Umm yeah

[Hook]
Wrist, wrist, mix up the hooch
Mix up the hooch
No this not Goose, this the hooch
Yeah, off the hooch, umm yeah
Feelin' kinda loose off the hooch
Yeah, loose off the hooch
Mix, mix, wrist, mix, mix, wrist up the hooch
Mix up the hooch, umm yeah
Yuh