[?uestlove]
Peace to all the hip cats, all the nappy sweets
This is the BROther ?uestion, broadcastin' live
Via satellite from the Never Never Tunnels
Now dig, the rituals for today is good music
So, sit back, relax and dig the groove

[Verse 1: Black Thought]
Yo, bust it, I digs hip-hop, and rocks the hip-hop
Not R&B because to me that's not my style and
The R-double-O-quotes ain't for radio, but major soul
The ones that's hip won't change the dial and
I remember one mornin' at the Soul Shack
Coolin' in the outback, on the slow ridin' ship
Blaze a five off a Bob Marley spliff
On the cloud, I be relaxin' from last night and shit
In studio today, but hey BROther ?uestion
Was on the West Side, asleep without a clue when
I hollered down to Crumbs to pick up the phone
And tell him to get ready (?uestion, what ya doin?)
(Ain't no thing) but a chicken wing, so I met him in the West
Where we had to 'lax and wait for Rubber Band and Bas'
Bassey broke down on the other side of town
Yo, you know what it's about, The Roots is out, to the subway

[Hook x2]
Does anybody like real music? Sweet music, soul music?
You know The Roots is a group that'll choose it
Just to use it, to make you move it, yeah

[Verse 2: Black Thought]
From the subway to the studio
Gots to break fast if we wanna get to the bus
Runnin' like a Mex' for the border
(Umm, yo, oh umm, was it a bunch of yas?)
Nah, just the four of us
'Nuff nappy sweets on the transit, two fine
(Three fine) fo' fine, mo' fine, UHH!
A girl says, "Hey, ain't y'all The Square Roots?"
And I'm like, "Heh, word"
And then the shorty passed the sign
Now, we got to make our exit (Where?)
To the pavement (To what?), to crush a trail mix
(Oh, word man, yo look out) Say what? (Look out!)
?uestion dropped a whole bag of drumsticks
(Ain't no thing) but a chicken wing, so
He bends down to pick up the sticks
And his pants fall down (Dang!)
In my face, ?uestion didn't frown, turned around
And thought he felt a draft, so I laughed
(Hahahahaha!)

[Hook x2]

[Bridge: Kid Crumbs]
Here comes the Crumbs from the chums of the P.O
Sprouted from The Roots and I was added to the trio
Now, I'm in cahoots and got a reason for my ego
In the words of Los Lobos; a-dios a-migo

[Verse 3: Black Thought]
At the Rat Cave, mic in hand, I'm flowin'
Tellin' ?uestion to keep it goin'
What I'm doin', I'm not really knowin'
But umm, to me, see, it sounds oh-and-kay'n (It sounds OK)
Layin, to the sounds playin'
Umm, hi-to-ho-and', yeah, hey to hay-and' (Uh-huh)
Trippin', I'm tryin' not to laugh, bust it
It's the last paragraph and I'm done half
But ?uestion's jokin' and I'm like hopin'
That nobody comes in and opens the door...
(Ah man, what's up with you man?
I'm leavin', what why you scratchin' your face like that man?
Look ugly, self-righteous, do-gooder)

[Hook x2]