[Black Thought (Pete Rock)]
The world traveler, (say what?) see what I'm sayin'?
Yo, yo, Black Thought a.k.a. the Bad Lieutenant, yanahmean?
(Say what?) 2-1-5th tight sound

[Verse 1: Black Thought]
Yeah, yeah, check it out
Over the globe again, from the realm of Illadelph
The planet overwhelmed, yo, just brace yourself
You wanna go against me? First, face yourself
I pose threat to whoever within ya commonwealth
The toxin, I'm crushin' ya crab concoction
To the utmost, examine this up close, it's shockin'
Now, mic droppin' is ya only option
Here come the spliff scientist in the flesh, have you forgotten?
His Excellency, the most poetically inventive
Official hip-hop shit, that's ya incentive
To cop this actual fact and not the likeness
'Cause possibly clones'll try to do it like this
Fathom this lyrically fabulous vocabulist
Hold mic like four-fifth and lick shot
Someone like Pete to wreak Rock? I think not
I don't just smoke, I sleep, drink and think pot
I want the type of vehicle that brings God
Composin' 'til the ink's hot
My hip-hop is wild, megawatts
Continuous, forever exist and never stop
What up? Whatever, Akh, we can thicken the plot

[Hook]
Well, it's time for that, and it's about that time (worldwide)
It's about time for that (check it out)
It's time for that, and it's about that time
Pete Rock, it's about that time for that
It's time for that, and it's about that time (for Black Thought)
It's about time for that, and it's about that time
It's time for that, and it's about that time
Rob-O, it's about that time, yo, yo, yo

[Verse 2: Rob-O]
I'm Rob-O, what? Energize like a power plant
Blow speakers without an amp
Do things these wack rappers can't and start again
33 RPM, the hearts of men
It's cold like the steel I hold
On microphones let my words express, movement like chess
My mic will stand erect like projects
It's drastic, top draft pick in this rap shit
You just a fraction, caught up in the midst of action
My catalog's current events, read the contents, what?
I move crowds for local events, the show stopper
'98 feature spot rocker: Rob Odendo
Now, every MC wanna mention me out of envy, unofficially
Top of the charts, I played my part, held it down from the start
You know the M.O. (worrrrd up!)
Yeah, yeah, Rob Odendo

[Hook]
And it's time for that, and it's about that time (worldwide)
It's about time for that (check it out)
It's time for that, and it's about that time
It's about that time for that
And it's time for that, and it's about that time (Pete Rock, uh!)
It's about time for that, and it's about that time (for action, uh!)
It's time for that, and it's about that time
For Black Thought, it's about that time for that

[Verse 3: Pete Rock]
Yo, it's the Capital P. with rhymes of the century
Speak rap lines essentially on the m-i-c
I hold the mic appliance like science, my competitors and clients
Worldwide as my words coincide with real life
Think twice, transmit like True Lies, it's televised
Take my manuscripts out of context, who on next?
Situation is complex, stop the nonsense
It's '98, time to set the record straight
Separate movers and shakers from those that hesitate
Your featherweight name carry weight in every state
You name-brand, no-thrill niggas is marinate
It's Pete Rock, new world innovator
Crush imitators, 5 years since The Creator
It's 'nuff said, as I paint the town red and move ahead
(Cannot be stopped!)

[Hook]

[Outro: Pete Rock]
(LOUD, LOUD)
Check it, check it, respect it
'98, set 'em straight
Up and down, Loud Records