[Intro]
Hi, I'm Jimmy Fallon, and I'm about to sing "You'll Be Back" from the hit musical, Hamilton. Now obviously I'm not a Broadway star, but I am classically trained, and by that I mean I was trained by vocal coach, Ed Classically, who--actually, "Classic-alley" is another pronunciation. He works out of his mother's basement in New Jersey, and he has a breathing technique that I use, and that's the way I'll be able to hit these high notes and these long, powerful, belting chords. So, hopefully you enjoy, here's "You'll Be Back."

You say
The price of my love’s not a price that you’re willing to pay
You cry
In your tea which you hurl in the sea as you see me go by...

[Verse 1]
You say
The price of my love’s not a price that you’re willing to pay
You cry
In your tea which you hurl in the sea when you see me go by
Why so sad?
Remember we made an arrangement when you went away
Now you’re making me mad
Remember, despite our estrangement, I’m your man

[Chorus 1]
You’ll be back, soon you’ll see
You’ll remember you belong to me
You’ll be back, time will tell
You’ll remember that I served you well
Oceans rise, empires fall
We have seen each other through it all
And when push comes to shove
I will send a fully armed battalion to remind you of my love!

[Refrain]
Da da da dat da dat da da da da ya da
Da da dat dat da ya da!
Da da da dat da dat da da da da ya da
Da da dat dat da…

[Bridge]
You say our love is draining and you can’t go on
You’ll be the one complaining when I am gone...
And no, don’t change the subject
Cuz you’re my favorite subject
My sweet, submissive subject
My loyal, royal subject
Forever and ever and ever and ever and ever…

[Chorus 2]
You’ll be back like before
I will fight the fight and win the war
For your love, for your praise
And I’ll love you till my dying days
When you’re gone, I’ll go mad
So don’t throw away this thing we had
Cuz when push comes to shove
I will kill your friends and family to remind you of my love

[Refrain]
Da da da dat da dat da da da da ya da
Da da dat dat da ya da!
Da da da dat da dat da da da da ya da
Da da dat da—
Everybody!
Da da da dat da dat da da da da ya da
Da da dat dat da ya da!
Da da da dat da dat da da da da ya da
Da da da dat dat da ya da!