[Intro]

Yogi man
I'm sick of this shit bruv
Swear down
Just as things start looking up
It all goes to shit again
Story of my fucking life!

[Verse 1]

I don't wanna live my life this way..
No!
Picture me behind a desk
Picture that a nine to five I ain't into that
I'm into rap
And I don't see me getting an office job with these tat's
So what choice do I have man?
Do I sign on or do I bag grams?
Long signing for dole
I wanna get signed for my flow
And my rhymes
I'm a pro and I'm nice I know
If I grind then I'll blow
So why am I wasting time on the roads
Now Mike's interested
I should probably give it a rest before I get arrested
But then I got arrested, whoops

[Hook: Lee Bailey]

Why don't I learn from my mistakes?
Why oh why oh why..
All I want's to change my ways
Why oh why oh why Do I always end up back here
Stuck on the wrong side of town
With my head spinning, I keep on falling down

[Background Hook: Professor Green]
Never been arrested for so much as an eighth of weed and I get arrested for kidnap, blackmail, false imprisonment and possession with intent to supply. Typical of my fuckin' luck really innit, just as I'm about to sign a deal with Mike I might be doing a fucking bird

[Verse 2]

I don't wanna sell weed no more
Hated the cycle but I kept peddling
Nan just found food under my bed again
I'm a let down again
And she's screaming "get this shit out of my house" again
There's no curving the truth
The bags too big to be for personal use
There's no excuses
She knows what the truth is
I do flip Keys of green to get me a few quid
She's looking at me so disappointed
All I can say is I won't do it again
But she knows I will..

[Hook: Lee Bailey]

Why don't I learn from my mistakes?
Why oh why oh why..
All I want's to change my ways
Why oh why oh why Do I always end up back here
Stuck on the wrong side of town
With my head spinning, I keep on falling down

[Background Hook: Professor Green]
Never learn man.. There's no plan B for me, I ain't got shit to fall back on! I left school in year 8 I don't have an education, selling weed and writing lyrics is all I know

[Verse 3]

I got arrested and raided
Then I got signed
And I bust case
So now everything's fine
But now everything's not
Not only did I get dropped
The whole label did
And I wasted my advance so I ain't got shit
I'm stuck at warners and them pricks won't push my album
But it's cool
As soon as I'm free I'm gonna do it without them
Eight months later I'm still stuck in my deal
In debt with my lawyer time to get back on this ferris wheel
I'm stuck on this carousel
When will this ever end?
This is hell for me I'm back at the beginning again
Somebody please get me off this circus ride
The horse that I'm riding is hurting my thighs erm..

[Hook: Lee Bailey]

Why don't I learn from my mistakes?
Why oh why oh why..
All I want's to change my ways
Why oh why oh why Do I always end up back here
Stuck on the wrong side of town
With my head spinning, I keep on falling down

[Background Hook: Professor Green]
And before some funny guy tries to make a joke about me riding a horse, it is a metaphor! What I mean is I am sick of hustling, I am sick of the grind, I am sick of things going to shit, Just when things are looking up! I don't know if this shit is ever gonna work for me. I swear down blud I am so fed up Yogi, I cannot be dealing with it anymore