[Hook]
Before I'm done I'mma run this, run this
Before I'm done I'mma run this, run this
Before I'm done I'mma run this, run this
Before I'm done I'mma run this town into the ground

[Verse 1]
Dilute me, water me down, how?
There's more chance of me courting a cow
Disappeared, last seen walking around
At 27 with a sign saying 40 and proud
Does Katie look like Amy, or Amy look like Katie?
What the fuck are these cosmetic surgeons creating?
I'd never imagined shagging a mannequin
But that vajazzle is, so bedazzling
I want the light skinned chick from the Misfits
To pull my pants down and tell me if this fits
When I say I'm a big prick; it's my dick talking
I can't help it, I'm a bit of a dipstick
Sadistic, come on cunts! Insult me, I insist
A dimwit with a dick covered in lipstick on the prowl
Walking around zipper down; dick sticking out!

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Who wants to fuck with me now?
A half-wit with a fringe started it and he's stuck with me now
I'm hunting him down
Wow, how could he accuse me of clucking over Krusty the clown?
You're in trouble, prick, I'm in a muddle, prick
Is that your chick or Mick Hucknell, prick?
Dick, minge, you puss
I pray for the day that I find him face down in that ginger bush
Imagine cheating on your wife
Footballers are as sleazy as you like
Imagine sleeping with the wife of another
Imagine sleeping with the wife of your brother
Imagine if I said Imogen, I may do
If I hate you, for me to name and shame you ain't nothing
So make a mistake and say something, nothing
Not even an injunction with a cape could save you

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I don't say this to all the girls, just you, because I trust you
Come here slut, I need a drug mule
I do these things because it's fun to
I don't need a mule for drugs
I just wanted to see if you were in love enough to put drugs up you
Now you got a clunge full of munk and mushrooms
I really can't believe you called my bluff
I ain't fingering your chick, I'm looking for my drugs
Why think about what I say? I say what I feel
Women call me rapey, I say cop a feel
The worst day on this earth was the day I got a deal
I ain't been the same since the day I dropped a pill
I ain't lost appeal, I got appeal though
Spit hard, kick rhymes with a steel toe
Cap, been bad with a real flow
Back, intact and I'm still pro, rah!

[Bridge]
Your opinions aren't shit to me
I couldn't give a fuck what you think of me
I may contradict myself as I change and I grow
Though my bet'd be I'll be this way till I'm old
From when I was young I've been too long in the tooth
I ain't down with the trumpets; I ain't quirky or cool
If I've offended you and you're coming to get me
Just know if I'm going to hell, you're coming with me

[Hook]