[Intro]
People always ask me how I write songs
I tell them it's not complicated
I quite simply take everything one line at a time
Listen

[Verse 1: Professor Green]
Everybody knows what my name is
But I'm still out pulling faces
Cara Delevingne
Have you got any cocaine, please?
Night out, cause it's my night off
I need a day off cause when I crash I'll be a write-off
What a fucking sight, fuck it, what a fucking night
Who the fuck are you to tell me how to live my fucking life?!
Loving life, me I'm dandy
How quick can you get rid of a bottle of brandy?
In a rave listening to Trinidad James
Though we don't pop mollies, we drop bombs of Mandy
I go in if I'm out, but I'm in a pickle now
I think Sha put something in my drink
And before I got back from the pissery pizzled out
Damned it, didn't I? And now I'm dizzled up
Fuck, what if I get pictured out?

[Chorus: Professor Green]
Cause I'm shameless, young and I'm famous
I'm shameless, young and I'm dangerous
I'm shameless, young and outrageous
They never should have put my name in lights

[Verse 2: Jordan "Gnarly Ventura" Stephens]
Aww, you get famous and then you seem naughty
Look at Stephen and he's like 40
Yo, got a little buzz, now it's funny
Cause the honeys make a B-line for me
Turn the lens with a bright light
But I'm alive and every tunnel I finds got a white line
Keep on running to the loos, magazines' chatter
Ain't substance abuse, I got a weak bladder!
Call it the Bieber effect young too silly
Pro's pissed and in a year I'll have a few millis
Whoop diddy, now they're calling me an influence
They might as well say that Eddie Murphy is impotent
I told my label I'm not a pisshead, I'm vibrant
And I only drink to make celebs more exciting
You should try this cause no one's really saying much
Until they roll the Queen's face into a cylinder
Another one sniffs the dust!

[Chorus]

[Post-Chorus: Rizzle Kicks]
Put my name in lights
Creatures of the night
Yeah, my mind is rolling
My eyes wide open

[Bridge: Rizzle Kicks]
Fall down on the table
I'm crazy and I'm feeling quite unstable
My head spins, feeling reckless
I should probably slow right down but I'm too tempted

[Verse 3: Professor Green]
I'm a bastard, yep
My mother had me before she and my father had married, I'm a bastard
And I'm plastered, my god, honestly what have I started?
Why is my face on pages of papers that I wouldn't even wipe my arse with?
Why are they so nasty to me?
I think I preferred it when they arse kissed
Oh and Cara, I'm sorry Cara
But I can't promise I won't take this any farther!

[Chorus]

[Post-Chorus]