[Verse 1: Professor Green]
My mind, I'm out of it
Got a bottle of Jack, time to drown in it
I made it here but don't know how I did
Who'd have thought that the sheer amount of shit I been through would amount to this?
How about a spliff? I feel like I'm spinning out
It's kind of surreal, all of the shit I've been around
Nine months since I licked an ounce out
Shit just switched around, I still haven't figured out how

[Hook 1: Fink]
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground
Try this trick and spin it, yeah
Your head will collapse if there's nothing in it
And you'll ask yourself
Where is my mind?
Where is my mind?
Where is my mind?
Oh, way out in the water, see it swimming

[Verse 2: Professor Green]
My life's a rollercoaster, a fucking hurricane
Got a past which I wouldn't wanna tuck away
There were minutes when I wished I could've run away
Stuck, I stayed, suffered but I lived to see another day
And look how quick it changed up, it's insane blood
Fuck the fame, I'm still the same as when I came up
But now I get paid, get laid quicker
Drink straight and make a face like I hate liquor
I had a lot to prove, from I had to shot for loot
Now my nan turns the TV on and I'm on the tube
Summer time with Lil and we're on a yacht with Muse
If you could see the gap between the from and the to, it's crazy

[Hook 2: Fink]
Where is my mind?
Where is my mind?
Where is my mind?
Way out in the water, see it swimming

[Verse 3: Professor Green]
From the gloom and the upset
To women coming in pairs and I'm enjoying the fruits of my success
Still adjusting, I ain't adjusted just yet
Unkept, scruffy and I puff cess
So how's success? I guess it's okay
So long as you don't mind a little cocaine
No sleep and women who go both ways
It's easier to appreciate when you've known pain
Buying things I never thought I'd ever own
About to buy a crib and I ain't ever home
Seeing places I never thought I'd ever see
I guess it had to even out eventually
It might've evened out, but even now
While I'm flying high, I can still see the ground
The clock's ticking but I ain't watching the time
For now I'm enjoying the ride

[Hook 2]

[Outro: Professor Green]
Yeah, you know it's mad cause I ain't even a fan of change
I'd much rather have notes in my pocket but
For once things changed for the better
I took a risk and it payed off, haha
It might've taken a while to do so but it finally did
And what's left to do but enjoy?