[Intro: Professor Green & Smiler]
Something that I all too often forget is that I love my fucking life
I hear that, Smiler!

[Verse 1: Smiler]
I'm hungrier than ever, coming for your cheddar
It's peak when I brainstorm, bring an umbrella
Sell a, parcel, sell out - never
From the city of god like I was raised in a favela
Smiler got the vocals that'll burn in ya set
The illest, more British than the fuckin' Burberry check
I'm king Zeus, so you see my friends all gods
I'm Phil Collins B, against all odds
I'm Lino Lacedelli after climbing the K2
Haters question will he ever sign will he breakthrough
And then they show me love and gimme hugs when I skate through
Supporters tell me, Smiler you're the best, never make do
So when the verse drop now and man hears "bravo"
It's first round knockout, the Amir Khan flow
Truth is I made it to the stage from the block I suppose
Now I'm feeling I'm on top of the globe, let's go!

[Hook: Tawiah]
Another day in the life of me
This is the life I lead
And if you're looking through my eyes
There's no one else in sight
Hello, hello, can anybody hear me..? (Can you hear me?)
Cause I'm on top of the world
I'm on top of the world
I'm on top of the world
I'm on top of the world
I'm on top of the world

[Verse 2: Smiler]
I'm way up in the clouds, I ain't coming down either
Ask Jay and Kanye who run the town, Smiler!
I made it from the block with hard prayer
Been on the dock longer than the yachts in Marbella
Now my wings spread like the bird on ya Lyle & Scott Crest
The bottom sucks B, can I reside on top? "Yes"
A child o' destiny, next to be chosen
So I watch X-factor just for Kelly Rowland
Yo we about to win, get a glass out kid
More money more problems so I blast out big
Never mind the competition, they'll be cast out quick
Like my feature in the pass out vid
I chew my own lane like a game of Pacman
Look at what I got from no Robin, I'm Batman, truth is
I made it to the stage from the block I suppose
Now I'm feeling I'm on top o' the globe... let's go!

[Hook]

Ayo Pro!

[Verse 3: Professor Green]
Like it or love it, fuck it
Hate is a bitch, ain't it?
From how I can treat the car showroom like an Avis
I tend to use my right arm whenever I'm waving
Cause I'm aching from waving with my left arm
Due to what my watch is weighing, I'm saying
My watch is heavy if you don't get it forget it
I've always been more leg it then legit
A reputable eligible bachelor, credible I ain't
I ain't credible – bitch I'm incredible
I don't know if it's the wage or the venomous pace I lay flows at
All I know's that I'm in an incredible space
I don't need for nothing, don't normally floss
I must have some food in my teeth or something
Tooth pick before I skin 'em, still 'em, rock denim
It's hot stop do not tell 'em, I hook venom in my verses
I'd rather them find out
No referee needed, there won't be no time out, mind out

[Hook]