[Intro: Walter & Ciara]
Yo, Vince? We got one right here, man
Walter? (What's up Ci-Ci?)
I told you I got you (Okay)
Ciara, whose on the all-star team?
I got MB (What's up, boys?)
Lil Twist (Lil Twist)
Tyga (Woah)
It's the all-stars, baby (Woah)
All-stars, lets go!

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Why you love me, really, so, so much?
I'm just kidding
You know I feel the same
She giggle when she kiss me like
I love it when she with me make
Them other girls jelly, jealous
Cause they ain't with me
Then we pull off in Bentley
Flyer than a blimp be to see
That sexy, my girl would text me
But she right next to me (next to me)
Then I drop her off, get some time alone
Then she call my phone like when I say...

[Verse 1: Prodigy]
When I say hey and you say
Wassup and I be like baby
Do ya' miss me when you say
Yes then I say dido and you
Can hit me back with a less
Than symbol #3, I got a clue
How you feel for me 143 a
Smiley with a wink that's
How you feel baby that's wassup
140 characters is more than enough

[Hook: MB, Ciara, Roc Royal]
Aye my girl, my girl she loves me (she loves me)
I know I'm on her mind even when we don't speak
See my boy, my boy he loves me (He loves me)
He hit me all the time, my phone be ringing off the hook like...
Me and my girlfriend, we go out every weekend
He hit me all the time, my phone be ringing off the hook like
We just 2 love birds that's why we always tweeting
He hit me all the time, my phone be ringing like this..

[Verse 2: Lil Twist]
(Twist, young money ,ok)
Girl my girl she loves me
Wouldn't put no one above me
She like to kiss and hug me
She be spoiling buy me rubby boiling
Like New York and baby this my new start
And yes I have fallin' for you so catch me
And my new heart (aww) this me and MB Tryna
Show show you bae what we see but you more up
On that if -ish and I'm more up on that wing-wing
Do it all, I'm far away as a call and I got a new
Car and all text me when you hit the mall

[Hook: MB, Ciara, Roc Royal]
Aye my girl, my girl she loves me (she loves me)
I know I'm on her mind even when we don't speak
See my boy, my boy he loves me (He loves me)
He hit me all the time, my phone be ringing off the hook like...
Me and my girlfriend, we go out every weekend
He hit me all the time, my phone be ringing like this
We just 2 love birds that's why we always tweeting
He hit me all the time, my phone be ringing like this..

[Verse 3: Lil Twist]
Text me, tease me smiley send key
I wanna see you winding cause that natural
G is In me, I'm rocking with my love bros
I'm on my mindless behavior so please forgive
My flows, now lets go (oh oh oh) i want to
Do it all for you hit the lotto 2 in copious too
A Benz for me a coop for you a dress for you
And 2 for 2 me and the best man I got the best
Plan I buy the ring to fit the best hand.(aye)

[Hook: MB, Ciara, Roc Royal]
Aye my girl, my girl she loves me (she loves me)
I know I'm on her mind even when we don't speak
See my boy, my boy he loves me (He loves me)
He hit me all the time, my phone be ringing off the hook like...
Me and my girlfriend, we go out every weekend
He hit me all the time, my phone be ringing like this
We just 2 love birds that's why we always tweeting
He hit me all the time

[Outro: Walter, Ciara, Roc Royal]
Step to the mic, Ci-Ci
Mindless Behavior (Yeah)
Prodigy (What up, Prod?)
Roc Royal (Roc Royal)
Ray Ray (Ray Ray)
And Princeton (What up, Prince?)
They so crazy (Laughs)
MB, y'all