[Intro]
[Verse 1]
Crooked I keeps all shit official
Walking through the mall with a pistol
Twisting the top off with some cisco
Look at the ghetto we keep my niggas got bigger (?) than even Sesame Street
We never retreat, cause
Money, we get it plus respect
I'm paid like I'm Robert Downey Jr.'s drug connect < (?)
I'm the roughest cat that's rapping
I'm tucking gats for blasting
Cash, (?)
Lock it down chips, socking out pricks
Hopping out quick, rocking crocodile kicks
Knock it out, bitch
I'm the nigga you should hear
If the ghetto don't feel me, I'ma pick a new career
Then flip off the (?)of the cover of The Source
With a chick who got ass like a motherfucking horse
Of course, the real soldiers the only one to ride (?)
Roll nigga for life (?), fuck the other side

[Hook]
Yeah, tuck that Glock, fuck that cop
Bust that shot, what's that hot?
Fuck this industry, drink that Hennessy
Ride on your enemies, holla if you feeling me
Yeah, tuck that Glock, fuck that cop
Bust that shot, what's that hot?
Fuck this industry, drink that Hennessy
Ride on your enemies, holla if you feeling me

[Verse 2]
Yeah, it's Crooked I, look at my expensive fizz
I only drink (?) so I could have expensive piss
Listen to this
Nothing else to do but, coop up, two sluts
Who suck? You suck, that will (?)
Niggas trying to figure out how to defeat me
But my shots will make Swiss cheese out of your Bentley
Now that you are with me
We can get it crunk and things
I told you, I'm slump (?) in the trunk jumping lanes
I hope you, cuff (?) your dame into the zone
Cause I don't wanna be right if pimping is wrong
You're tripping, it's on
Ten to your dome
Precisely, that way we like to send niggas home

[Hook]
Yeah, tuck that Glock, fuck that cop
Bust that shot, what's that hot?
Fuck this industry, drink that Hennessy
Ride on your enemies, holla if you feeling me

[Bridge]
You know what happens to niggas when they get too comfortable (what?)
Niggas get knocked the fuck out they position!
But we gon' roll! Fuck it, spit!

[Verse 3]
I hope your tracks start (?) got your Air Force 1's
But fuck them shoes, you better wear four guns
They'll kill us everywhere, nigga therefore run
I got a lot of hoes but I don't care for one
They hate my behavior
And when I finally do fall in love
I'd probably get played for my paper
But until then, I'mma hits skins, mama
Get dollars 'till I'm (?)
If I'm offending you, then I suggest
You press the stop button cause fuck who's coming next
Nigga, get money, get more fast cars
(?) six floors that's what niggas live for
Y'all can't beef with us
I heard your diss it was weak as fuck
Y'all faggots from the streets or what?
All my ghetto ass niggas turn your speakers up (louder!)