[Intro: Cold 187um speaking]
"Yeah. Wanna give a shout out to all my niggas out there in the West Coast. On the West Coast, yeah. Yeah, uhh. Yo, I got to give a shout out to Pomona Got to give it out to South Central, Watts, Compton, Long Beach. But for now, KM.G, won't you spit, spit, spit for 'em."

[Verse 1: KM.G]
Motherfuckers don't get mad, cause Cali's kind of fly
We be the gangsta town, the niggas that like to stay high
The land of big diamonds, y'all
Palm trees, lowriders and movie stars, hey
Where fools be mobbin' we the real original
Where jackin' is an art, punk niggas get their caps peeled
And the hoes ain't scared to show the body
They wear the fly shit and freaks the set party
Give it up and the hoes wearin' baggy shit
They're showin' the world why niggas out here pussy whipped
They got niggas goin' to pens, got niggas stealin' ends
For friends, for foes, for shows and mo' hoes
'Cause it costs a grip to live on the West Coast
Ugh, cause we be flossin', we leave the world a comatose
It's all about the paper here, so here, my dear
Roll me up a little chronic, 'cause L.A. got the bionic

[Hook: All]
Cause you got to have heart, to live in Cali, y'all
You got to have the fly shit, to live in Cali, y'all
It's gonna cost you a grip, to live in Cali, y'all
See, the hoes be legit, when you live in Cali, y'all

[Verse 2: Kokane]
They say it never rains in Southern California
That's what they tell me
G's with the big bank, gold wire players
Livin' it up just to be a ho layer
All West Coast Cali funk, we got them runnin' in flocks
Now, Freddie's dead but his partner superchicken got shipped to the dope spot
Ugh, and like KM.G, they said them hoes be trippin'
'Cause bitches be settin' a nigga up, when you're all flossin'
Still tossin, yeah, I'm bound to break bread
Wake up in the mornin, found a motherfuckin' bullet in my head
But it's alright, if your game's hooked up tight
And in the summer time riders on corners
I wish you all could be Californians
You save up all, went from slang dope to get a fly ride though
But still funkin' on them switches for the bitches
This is how the West ball
They call me Mr. Flossy, dollar dollar bill y'all, ugh

[Hook: All w/ minor Variations]

[Interlude]
[Cold 187um:] "Yeah, and that's the West Coast anthem, Cali style, boy."
[KM.G] "Straight up, straight up. Yo, yo, homeboy, they don't know, we be like flossin', man."
[Cold 187um:] "Yo man, let me set it off for them, let me set it off for them, uh."

[Verse 3: Cold 187um]
It's the first of the month and I just came up
I'm headed to the shop to put some rims on my truck
Yeah, and you know I'm like cold on them hoes
'Cause I'm rollin' in a black-on-black 4-54
It's time for me to check my connect
So I could be on deck before them fiends get their county checks
I left about 11:15
I spotted this fly fly cutie in some Karl Kani jeans
And you know, I'm on them gold ones
So, here she come, here she come
Here she motherfuckin' kitty come
Ah shit, it's Sabrina from Covina
I hope she don't remember that I tossed her cousin Tina
Uh, she probably don't care anyway
'Cause bitches up in Cali got game for days
She needed a ride to the mall, I said stall, I got shit to do
I ain't got no time to be fuckin' with you
Ugh, and plus, do I look like a cab?'
Turn the Alpine up, then I stab
It was hot like a motherfucker, headed to the store
Saw a couple little homies kickin' it at the front door
They said: 'Yo, hook us up, man'
Bought them a 40, for me I got a tall can
I said peace, don't be trippin', little comrades
But I should be worried 'bout my own ass

[KM.G]
Yeah, 'cause we're on hit to bring you the fly shit
To make you feel pressure, cause Cali can test ya
Comrades still hangin', my niggas still bangin'
And there's a whole lot of niggas still movin' yay'n

[Cold 187um]
Because it's highly compatible to come up
You got to have heart and you got to have a lot of luck
So if I hear you sayin' Cali' ain't shit
Yo, you probably visited the Valley, little bitch