(*Helicopter propeller turning*)

[Intro: crime scene investigation]
[FBI Agent] "Okay, what we have here?"

[CIA Agent] "We have a 187 black male, victim at approximately 18 years of age, gun shot wounded to the head. Looks like he is been dead approximately 2 hours."

[FBI Agent] "Uha."

[CIA Agent] "When we received a phone call, quite some time ago. But you know how it is when people have to come down here. Into the Park. Now, don't nobody wanna come down here."

[FBI Agent] "Yeah, were any witnesses stepped forward?"

[CIA Agent] "Shit! Witnesses down in this mothafucker?! Who the fuck is going to come forward down here?!"

[FBI Agent] "Okay, well, let's get this area tapped off. Let's move these fucking people back outta the way, behind the tape. Let's get those cars outta here and get that car down here and pick up this mothafuckin' dead body."

[CIA Agent] "I want all you mothafuckers get the move from this shit! Everybody get back, everybody get back! Ay you, you, you, yeah, take the, yeah, take the tape over there, would you please. Okay man, there's always a killing in the park."

(*Helicopter propeller turning*)

[Hook: Kokane & Backup Singers]
It's all like everyday, if you on some date
Or if you want some gun fight
Straight killers in the park
Straight killers in the park
If it ain't that the right time of the day
I think you better walk around out my way
Straight killers in the park
Straight killers in the park

[KMG]
Watch out young bro', now watch me get gain
Wait let me tell you about this little spot
Where we check by the black Ray
Yeah, it's servin, straight claimin' killers in the park
Put some out for my dead homies and my niggas stuck to the rock
If you look up in the ride you'll see
Regals, colorists, foes, trays and a big fat black duly
Like posted 100 spokes for my folks and a case of Hennessy
A couple of pounds of this stinky tree
A few rats with mobile phones to keep calling us y'all
To let us know when it's on
Even rollin' chick inside worse and worst got beef
Dwellin, while we still drug sellin'
But you don't hear that shit from me ... oh baby please
What y'all know about killers in the park?
That's the drum sound 40 felons holdin' ground
And I aid acrossed you by the little B.G.'s
Cause y'all couldn't see this
They will known the enemies, straight provin'
They help us with that chicken movin'
Nine times outta ten
We tell them meet us at the park after the dark
To see where your nuts at
20 niggas with straps, 20 more with they backs, fully automatic
My people is totin' Semi, smellin, lightin' a gang weed
Leavin' niggas start to fear us in the park

[MC Ren]
Niggas in the Park

[Hook: Kokane & Backup Singers]

[MC Ren]
Nigga who in the fuck you think you're talkin' to?
Nigga you won't remember shit when you come through, out your coma
It's Compton and Pomona
Killers in the park, from Cali' to Arizona
You can't walk through the park, niggas crazy after the dark
Keep your hand on your gun, or nigga you'll be on the run
Niggas camouflaged in the night
Packin' Desert Eagles and 22's, nigga fuck a fight
And fuck them police, that be thinkin' they slick
With they headlights on, tryin' to creep, they can suck a fat dick
Take your pig in the Pimp Clinic
Stay your ass out the park cause these crazy niggas be off in it
But I see you niggas there sellin' yay
Hittin' switches with your bitches every mothafuckin' day
So beware of the killers in the park
And get your ass on before it gets dark, ugh, niggas

[Hook: Kokane & Backup Singers]

[Cold 187Um]
We got to watch our back for the po-po's
Creepin' up out Suburb-os
Comin' on up the creep for your works and your heap
Deepest seekin' can get.. I gives the fuck about the One Time
They just another player hater tryin' to take mine
Yo, we're regulatin' to buck them dawn to dusk
So if the one time comes, stash your gauge they'll shut the fuck up
Cause they be comin' with that Black-Killing-Black
You better watch your back because the streets full of that
Thinkin' to myself, yeah, I'mma dumb mothafucker
Got me y'all looks a failure
Tryin' to act like ain't doin' nothin'
But 'til the minute I slipped
Yo, they'll be all up in my momma house trippin' and shit
It's like my homie used to say: if it gets that deep
You got to put the mothafuckers to sleep
And make the park much more unsafer
Cause dumb shit, comin' between me and my paper
Who that be in the park gettin' rolled up?
It be that nigga Short Stopper sellin' cut up
Yo, he ain't the homie, so we gained cheque
It ain't personal, nigga, it's respect
Yo, if I ain't bout the swings, I'm on the basketball court
I'm in the T-shirt, chuck T's and cut off Khaki shorts
Junkies come and call me lil' boo-ya
I'm goin' to see now, I'mma screamin' New child
Yeah, beaper goin' off like the mug man, it's 9-1-1 man
Stash the dough, they bout to roll man
I just served then I ain't this trick
Uhh, now we're gettin' restore quick
I turned around and said fool you's the snitch
I shot him and that junky-Ass-Bitch
I'm a killer from the park
(*pow*)