[Verse One]
I was lyrically hip hop's top five
Before two of my niggas died
Syntax and deep impact Bruce Willis couldn't survive
A strange death, since niggas wasn't loud
I'm throwin' monitors offstage
Cause Rakim said move the crowd
I'm one year older, ten times more determined, partner
A hairy situation like Chaka fuckin' Chewbacca
Connect the dots, murder by design
Shit on your intellect, and fertilize your mind
Pull out the gauge and we can face off like Nicolas Cage
Battle for the second coming of Christ and see whose soul gets saved
One might be your girl so don't trust her
I'll tell her like Usher
Girl I'll make you wanna leave the clown you with
Start a new relationship
Make the bitch take the dick
She ate the dick too, though, that's Mr. mafioso dulo
We bustin' caps at your culo....

[Saafir]
Waterproof, baby. Know what I'm sayin? That means we can't be wet

[Sample]
(The waterproof MC, you ain't wettin' me
You need to stop rappin' and start robbin' banks like Steady B)

[Verse Two]
My style is sex and violence
Vocabulary and science
In an uneasy alliance
Let's toast the bread like a plugged up appliance
(I'll drink to that!)
Remy on the rocks, the real is-stated eventually, son
Reverse the purdy props to prop-perty like, Century 21
I want the mansion and the yacht
And all the shit them rich wack rappers got
(Then the ultimatum was read)
Like every MC woke up with a thouroughbred horsehead in their bed
In other words, teflon top with kevlar nuts
The closest I've ever been to ass was cigarette butts
I'm nice, that's probably why I don't be fuckin' with Sprite
Cause thirst is nothin', image is everything on the mic
These days, these DJs get paid under the table
Pay the most popular producer on the most popular label
Pay for full page ads in the most popular magazine
Now you got the most popular new artist
Guaranteed the air we breathe is thin, better tell her
Then I'mma choke the bitch out at 11:59, reveal the real Cinderella
(AAAAAAHH!) When two hydrogens reach my oxygen atom
You can't gat 'em or get at 'em
Anatomically designed to be solar, fuck the rap star
When I die I want niggas doin drive-by's with my ashes in the car
R-A-S, H2O liquifyin' your assets
Repo your flow even in (prepo letho?)
Straight outta Aruba, lampin' with my boo from Bermuda
Lickin' rugers in Cuba, blowin' niggas out the frame
With brass knuckles and a tuba, my new maneuver is scuba
360 degrees of revenge like Montezuma

*more scratching*
[Saafir]
Waterproof...know what I'm sayin?
It's like this man....
Know what I'm sayin?
Muthafuckas really gotta like reach within themselves
And pull your spirit out your mouth...
Knowmsayin? But now it's all good cause I'm in
Relation with the truth!
You gonna have to really be yourself potna
Look Me in the retina

[Verse Three]
When it's my time to shine, the whole world is goin' blind
From the sheisty side of town where a nickel cost a dime
Niggas is (Boston?), black brothas is bastards
The bubble break bread and give a nigga space like NASA
I catch red-eye flights to rock mics
Spent too many drunk nights fuckin' gold diggers and dikes
Same shit, different toilet though
Concentrated to blow
I moonwalk across hot coals on my tippy toes for the flow
Stay low key like midget doorknobs
Stay above the law like Judge Judy giving blow jobs
Satisfaction, three out of four Braxtons
Especially Toni
Fuck affirmative action
Cause Anglo-saxon factions is packin' Mack-10s
Trainin' for helter skelter when the race war begin
Stay true to the game, but the game ain't true to the MC
Where niggas is bootleggin' Makaveli 2 and 3

[Saafir]
Real game...waterproof..with the name, man. Listen to the name, man
Waterproof don't have no muthafuckin (?) Junction, with nothin. Ain't no
Image!

*scratching*