[Intro]
We're here 24 hours a day! This is just what you're looking for!

[Part I: Unknown House]
And they're gonna fake it, Ryan... gonna float it... for, THE TOUCHDOWN!-
"Aww!"
"Guys, we gotta go, I'm done being stuck in this den with you guys every single week, watching football!"
"Man, where would we even go?"
"Jamaica?"
"Jamaica?!"
"Yeah, let's go! Just, dudes, let's go"
*Plane flying sound*
Three friends take a trip of a lifetime in search for something different

[Part II: Jamaica]
"Welp, guys, we made it. It's beautiful out here. Look at the water, it's so clear, so-"
Take a chance
"How the fuck did we even come here?"
"Man, even in Jamaica we can't get in here."
"What do you mean? Let's just keep WALKING, we're here for a couple more days, have fun-"
But little did they know
"Wassup boys? Looking for the girl?"
"...Who're you?"
"Don't worry about it, man, just follow me, one time"
"Come on guys, let's go."
"Sinkar, who is your friend, man?"
"Oh, don't worry man, they with me."
"No. They need the tattoo."
*The sound of a tattoo machine*
"Aaaahhhh!"
"Man, what's this song? We've been hearing it ever since we've been here."
"What song is this?"
"Heh, what song is this? Look at the tattoo you're getting. I take it you boys have been to Phlapepatown"
"Ho-how did you know?"
"Heh... Look at my arm. Yep. I've been down with Phlape for about a... say 12 years. Aaand I'm finished. There, you boys, go, I hope you guys have a good time. You like this?"
"It's great"
"Yeah, sick"
"Thanks, man"
"Of course, man"
"Let's go!"
*Door creek*
"Welcome."

[Part III: Commercial]
Hello. This is Sean Goose from Seangoose Glassware
Today I'm here to let you know the in store specials
100% pure jade Seangoose piece!
The Goose family name harkens back many years
My family set up the first Seangoose hut in all of America
So, when I say... I know a thing about Seangooses - trust me
And this is our signature Seangoose shot glass
Look at this thing, it's sleek, it's new, it freezes your drink on it's own
And for the misses, a pink Seangee. And it smells good too
So what are you waiting for? Come on and visit us, we're located in the [?] Gomez strip mall. Right next to... Dublins
And now, please... We're located right next to Dublins

[Part IV: BONES Track]
[Verse]
SESH
Graveyard walk to the rhythm
Yelling fuck whoever with 'em
If I walk in there's an issue (what)
Reversing how you feeling
One verse and I turn to villain
You're cursing me with the minutes (wait)
My work will never be finished
Sesh always on extra innings
The second I want to leave, then I go
You're caught in the fold
You thought it was gold
Now you sippin' on fours
Just to numb your soul
Signed off on something you could've done on your own
Contracts italicize your life in bold
Every time we do a show, now they catching a cold
But we know how it roll, that's a victory goal
No mercy for those who can get it, but don't
Sympathize with those, who need help but won't
Alone in the ocean, drilling holes in the boat
I'm the ghost in the attic, I'm the noise in your room
Breaking down is a habit, coming back is a curse
Keep me out of my own head and spare me the truth

[Outro]
[?] get out of my head and spare me the truth
What, wh-

[Part IV: Office]
"Hey, man, it's pretty cool, you shoulda seen it"
"You did what?!"
*A lot of people talking simultaneously*
"Oh, no, no, no, no, guys. Hey, wait a minute, wait a minute guys
WAIT A MINUTE! WHERE IS LERON"
*Music starts playing*
"Come in. Gomer, have a seat."
"Sir, you wanted to talk to me?"
"Gomez, it's about your performance. You got toxic waste all over the food department."
"If you're talking about the fork lift on Thursday, that was Rodriguez."
"Rodriguez came in here talking about you. And I have footage."
"Boss! Rodriguez is all bullshit! No brass!"
"Then explain this, Gomez. Rodriguez is in a hospital. His radiation levels are off the charts."
"That's very unfortunate."
"Gomer. Are your eyes even opened?"
Chill, brother
"Just a little swelling, sir. I was swimming in a pool. Lots of chlorine."
"Gimble, this is on behalf of me and the lives that were lost because of your negligence. Get out of my office and never come back."
You're FIRED

[Part V: BONES track]
[Intro]
"I just needed to see ya
I'd like to a... take you out"

[Verse]
Look, now my brain is buffering
I'm stompin' through cathedrals from the sixteen hundreds
Hope you don't praise the stuntin'
Out your play book look, you ain't impressing nothin'
And we get it you on a whole 'nother grind
Now let us be we risin' paintings from a whole 'nother time
Oils on the canvas, you up on my mind
I wish we could hop in these pictures and hit rewind
Slow dying, woods keep me grounded
El keep the strangers from around me
In the stream they drown and that's how they gon' find 'em
If they ever harm anybody that surround me
TeamSESH too astoundin', BONES won't allow this game not to be ours
Cut some cards and flowers, send 'em to your door over night for you cowards
There's no fights in [?] a couple years ago 'fore I made a couple dollars
Now let's put 'em on the market
End this shit quick, should have never ever started, what
SESH
BONES