[Intro]
Mr. Emil Gower: I owe everything to George Bailey. Help him, dear Father
Giuseppe Martini: Joseph, Jesus, and Mary. Help my friend, Mr. Bailey
Ma Bailey: Help my son, George, tonight
Bert: He never thinks about himself, God, that's why he's in trouble
Ernie Bishop: George is a good guy. Give him a break, God
Mary: I love him, dear Lord. Watch over him tonight

[Verse]
George Bailey I'm wishing on it daily
But I don't get the luxury of visions of my vanquish
I'm stuck assuming it's fine
Smoke in my eyes burn my retina make me blind
Everything in line hold my breath then I dive
100 story drop until my brain's offline
I power down just to restart again
100 tabs lost, wait, now what was I sayin'
What I was thinkin' I feel so much better now
My favorite joke is life because it's "us" it's based around
What I was thinkin' I feel so much better now
My favorite joke is life because it's "us" it's based around

[Hook]
I always get a laugh out of it in the end
I hope you understand because I know I...
Always got it fuck the profit I do this for nothing
You so off your shit still actin like you onto something
You don't bring a splash of difference to the scenery
You are doomed to be the one that never finds the missing piece

[Outro]
Good luck you're gonna need it (what, what, what, what)
Good luck you're gonna need it (what, what, what, what)
Good luck you're gonna need it (what, what, what, what)
Good luck you're gonna need it (what, what, what, what)

[Post-Outro]
Clarence: You sent for me, sir?
Senior Angel: Yes, Clarence. A man down on earth needs our help
Clarence: Splendid. Is he sick?
Senior Angel: No worst. He's discouraged
...
Clarence: Sir, if I should accomplish this mission, I mean... um. Might I perhaps win my wings? I've been waiting for over 200 years now, sir, and people ARE beginning to talk
Senior Angel: What's that book you've got there?
Clarence: Oh, oh, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
Senior Angel: Clarence, you do a good job with George Bailey and you will get your wings
Clarence: Oh, thank you, sir, thank you