[Intro: LIL OOZING]
Back from the dead like I'm Jesus (ayy)
Skip to the next track if you think that we are facetious (let's get it)
Ruby da Cherry ripe for the season
$uicideboy$, yeah, we still breathin' (ahh!)

[Verse 1: LIL OOZING]
I'm the black sheep of this music industry shit (yah)
Used to be a flock of us, but now the flocks depletin'
7th Ward Charizard, I melt the ice you claim is freezin'
'Cause I was born in April, I'm the shiny diamond heathen
Y'all fuckboys who claimed they push keys, all deleted
Them fuckboys who claimed they got swag
All competing for the same Gucci sweater
That I been had the receipt, bitch
I'm the fucking wave
Y'all just stuck in a bed, in a room, on a cruise
Throwin' up 'cause you seasick
While your bitch is cheating on you, I'm the one who beatin'
I'm just sayin', y'all think that I'm playin', but I ain't got a reason to
98' Benz coupe looking like Pikachu
99' Benz coupe looking like Beetlejuice
Whatever
Who gives a fuck? I still feel like a teen recluse
'Bout to give these needles use
Numb me up, uh
Numb me up, yah
Numb me up, ayy
Numb me up, yah
Numb me up, ayy
Numb me up, yah
Numb me up, yeah (uh)

[Break: The Fifth Element]
"We're just gonna wait here for a little while until things quiet down, if you don't mind?"

[Verse 2: LIL CUT THROAT]
Hear no evil (evil)
See no evil (evil)
Speak no evil (right)
Find myself speaking to ghosts a bit more often now
Devil's die too, Lucifer bound for the ground (pussy)
Get some money, watch how many hands come reachin' out
(Shut up—what?)
Lit up my cigarette, another accident
Fuck anybody that thinks I'm a saint
Fuck anybody that want me to change (what?)
No one changes ever, that's why my Glock's on the dresser
And if I'm keepin' it real, I'm never-ever lacking (try me)
Motherfuckers know $lick ain't never-ever slackin' (try me)
Whether the shotgun, or the 9 millimeter
They be knowin' $crimmy keeping the heater
Nonetheless, got my people up my ass
Worried I'mma blow my brains on the glass ($ui–)
I smoke a cigarette and laugh, kettles calling pots black (ha-ha-ha!)
But sometimes I get violent, silent (shh)
The fuck I'm supposed to do when Cut Throat always the problem?
That's why Cut Throat cuts throats with the sharp blade, though
Got my Faygo on Easter
Signed Germ, said, "ball like the Lakers"
DN$ 3, pipe up, what it be
They know they scared of it
$uicide dead boys, keep a tribe with me
G*59, don't give a fuck, boy
I don't give a fuck, boy (what?)
Don't give a fuck, boy (yeah)
Hear no evil
See no evil
Speak no evil (right)
Hear no evil
See no evil
Speak no evil (yeah)
Hear no evil
Speak no evil
See no evil, bitch

[Outro: Bones]
"We're gathered here today to remember the lives of Ruby and $crim, also known to many as the $UICIDEBOY$. What they gave to this world while they were here, was unexplainable. You know, we're all here, maybe— Well, today we can share some memories, walk around, my name is Ricky Kekney. Hey, I'm Ricky, if you don't know me you can come up to me, don't feel uncomfortable. I, I know... I know I give off a stand-offish vibe, I— don't feel uncomfortable. We'll talk, come up to me, we'll talk about the boys, we'll celebrate today. Today is about celebrating the lives of two legends. Before we start sharing stories, I would like everybody to bow their head for ten seconds, in remembrance..."