[Verse 1: Jus Allah]
You motherfuckers bow to Jus Allah just like now
Put a lot of grass in my mouth just like cows
Fuck a lot of gals. Your bitch is Shallow Hal's
Your dick stays drier than [?]
My dick scrapes the ground like trucks with snowplows
I only like riding in pussy with low miles
Only like diving in pussy with no styles
And the bitches who will give up the goodies with no trials
Hanging in the spot where the hoes and drugs is
Never talking to the judge in the halls of justice
True God never puts nothing above his
Dumb Devil never rises over above six
Understand it all happens as planned
You fucking faggots: Allah's most savagest man
I never trip; my third eye faster than hands
And the mathematic schematics that I practice is banned

[Verse 2: Bomshot]
Commercial rap took all our loot so now we're smuggling drugs
I'll [?] their mugs so they're reduced to a puddle of blood
It's plain to explain: I'ma drain your veins
Bring the pain till you're nothing but stains and remains
I'm not your ordinary dude; watch me run the tools
I'll make a fucking bloody pool out of your Sunday school
If I'm going to Hell, then fuck it: God damn me
In the meantime, you got drama? I'ma bring it to your family
Y'all mother-fuckers just suck and what
When I see you, that's my word: I'ma fuck you up
What you looking at, bitch? I'll stab you in the eye
Torture you so bad, you'll be glad to die
Light a flame to your mummified rags: it'll burn fast
With one nut, I gave Cleopatra a sperm bath
You've been jinxed. Your head turns little when it shrinks
With one guess, I solved the fucking riddle of the Sphinx

[Verse 3: Ripshop]
You cats fugazi. Crap catch
Usually doing they rap with a splash of Jay-Z
Teaspoon of [?] in the [?]
Curtis Jackson and big beat. 300 degrees is cool
You come with the media too
And the media [?] who mislead the peoples is fools
Either prove you the truth or get beat by some dudes
You are street with Adidas and boots
Then get your chick boned and Rip fold her over
My big dick'll show her I'm as freaky as Luke
[?] niggas for dough cause I'm needing some loot
He who recoup get re-robbed; run that shit
Fuck being a comeback kid
Even dumber is believing you can fuck with this one black fist
Duck: I got another I can come back with
They'll be like "whatever happened to the one wack kid?"