[Verse 1: Jus Allah]
I'm way beyond the hating stage
Make you fucking bathe in razor blades with someone gay with AIDS
I'm the god that waives your chance of being saved
You owe me your faith. Parable money and names
Mother-fuckers acting funny as flames
Who would follow you? I should kill you and bottle you and bury you
Underneath the ground like it swallowed you
You lack a common-thinking degree
Devil got you dumb slaves fucking thinking you're free
You're not even alive: your brain just supports your nine-to-five
Lost from your tribe; taking false prides
Believing in the false guides; taking opposite sides
Listening to the prophet who ties; prophets from lies
Your hands and a pocket of knives so sharp
You can't even see the marks with your optical eyes
You a fucking joke: another nigga stuffed in a boat
Blind to the ten pound choke; coughing in throats
Mother-fuckers turn the dust in my grips
Ice melts before touching of my lips
Wise men covered me with gifts
The next is, face hanging from a necklace; a true meaning of X-Mas
Measureless. Deafened by my ill residence
It's perpetuous; the fucking earth shakes and the seconds split

[Hook: Jus Allah & Virtuoso] [x2]
Catch this beatdown; who the fuck want beef now?
Flow to make the seas drown; fire burning trees down
Deep rooted: we rap forever and rip
Yo, my crew will leave your fucking head severed and split

[Verse 2: The Etherealist]
Ether will damn-near take your neck off
My words bless paper like fucking Chekhov
You’re dead soft. Shredded to a thread when I let the tech off
Cassette decks get wrecked; I bedded your wedded wench
While you laid and bled; yeah, spread out, smash your head
Like Oberyn. I run you over and force a deodorant
Into your asshole. Match thrown, out the blast zone
The thought is sobering. Mouth frothing like a doberman
Stretch your lips open like a dope Ethiopian
I’ll rape you just to dominate you. Bitch, I cause trauma
Probs the fourty-fourth man to fuck you, like Obama
Etherealist the suicide bomber. Bitch, I’m coming for ya
Form like Voltron and fucking destroy ya
So hire a lawyer. You know nothing like Jon Snow
Your street credit ran out fucking ages ago
Ether is the illest MC. You never heard 'a me
I’ll leave you bagged and tagged in the mother-fucking infirmary

[Hook]

[Outro: The Etherealist]
It's the Etherealist
The mother-fucking God Jus Allah
In2ition, History of Violence
The fucking Accomplice and Virtuoso on the track
Shout-out to Babygrande
Murder on the fucking Dancefloor
Plead for Your Life