[Intro: Dialogue from the film Pi]
When I was a little kid, my mother told me not to stare into the sun. So once when I was six, I did. The doctors didn't know if my eyes would ever heal. I was terrified, alone in that darkness. Slowly, daylight crept in through the bandages, and I could see, but something else had changed inside of me

[Verse 1: Mr. Lif]
I'm the fire bearer, holder of the sun
The earth and the universe combined as one
An everlasting energy taking all forms
Blue skies on sunny days, terrible storms
The one who tears down what you adorn
And curses the material things that you mourn
But look up in the sky because I am the dawn
And the light that empowers your flesh as you yawn
Strong, undeniably so, Lif better known as a society foe
The deity glow reach into my center
I bet you feel pleasure and pain as you enter
The tormentor, pleaser, embracer, squeezer
As your skeleton crush, your physical turns into gelatin, plus
Due to over stimuli, you liquify
I send you back to the earth soil to quench the turmoil
When the ground splits to swallow of corporations and cops
Give birth to rocks so we can have solid ground on which to walk
Stand strong and talk and write down theories in chalk on the side walk

[Hook]
The devil lurks and my heart irks for the hell
Look into the eyes of a nigga who fell
The devil lurks and my heart irks for the hell
Look into the eyes of the...

[Verse 2: Jus Allah]
My style orbits round nine planets of forces
Ominous metaphorics envision a devil corpses
Lion hoarder, mad scientist slash author
Present the type of horror that boils your holy water
Get warped with the knowledge that folds the holy father
Hard boys become toys inside the real saga
So why bother, my whole floor alliance is harder
So bring the drama, we all know that science is smarter
I set off crowds, style wild like a circus
I seek new souls when I walk past churches
Allah praise you, stay true to a devout purpose
Seeking out the wise wherever the God searches
Flows that I embark on leave your squadron shadow dodging
Lyrics assault men like slugs that fill harkness
No option, narrow odds
Fucking with gods is straight gambling with your tarot cards

[Hook]
The devil lurks and my heart irks for the hell
Look into the eyes of a nigga who fell
The devil lurks and my heart irks for the hell
Look into the eyes of the...

[Verse 3: Ikon the Verbal Hologram]
Open the gates of Midian for the fangs like the flesh
Three cyborgs who Bang like Ladesh
We hang the best, spit venom until your face burn
Yet the critics are parasitic like a tape worm
The hate burn, scathe the nerve of a Buddhist
Snake turn and fake yearns; the kiss of Judas
We take lives with knives steady abusing you
With the vicious intentions of denting your uvula
Bruising you with text of a Harvard class
Ikon will smash into shards of glass
To reform into a whirlwind of sand
Then reborn into the world Hologram
A solemn man with plans to entwine matter
Minds splatter from the grind of my divine hammer

[Hook]
The devil lurks and my heart irks for the hell
Look into the eyes of a nigga who fell
The devil lurks and my heart irks for the hell
Look into the eyes of the...

[Outro: Dialogue from the film Pi]
12:45, Restate my assumptions: 1. Mathematics is the language of nature. 2. Everything around us can be represented and understood through numbers. 3. If you graph the numbers of any system, patterns emerge. Therefore: There are patterns everywhere in nature