[Intro] ]Rahzel]:
30 seconds to respond. 30 seconds to respond to our mind controlling mechanism. 30 seconds to respond to our mind controlling mechanism. We are now controlling your mind. We are now controlling your mind. We are now controlling your mind. Ultramagnetic

[Kool Keith talking]:
Yo. Man verses machine. Rahzel with DJ JS-1 AKA John Stockton. Ultramagnetic

[Verse One] [Kool Keith]:
I be that hype dude, check one for the altitude
Brand new, double K and an alpha mood
I pitch it like that, I switch it like that, you mix it like that
Man verses machine
I did it like that
Super so nice, super so coke, super so ice
The hype is nice as foes go micless for pimp hoe prices
We step on mices
Your terrible, switch back
Whether you get smacked
I just did that
Your toy is a Kit Kat, you man can skit skat
With definite wordplay, no chat, hearsay
Style more greater than
Style more better than
Style more quotable
Style more veteran
Suckers want the evidence, yep rap president
(Ultramagnetic)
Superstar Donny
Ridin' around in a stretch Maserati
(Sportin' my rhymes)
Kool Keith

[Chorus] [Kool Keith]:
I'm sendin' brains a bendin'
"You're a slave to my sound waves"
I'm sendin' brains a bendin'
"You're a slave to my sound waves"

[Verse Two] [Canibus]:
Can-I-Bus, known and respected for his own method
The U.F.O. records was just the beginning
My muscles are repairin', I'm losin' my hearin'
My spirit still too close for you to come near it
My legacy ends
Again and again and again and again
And 100 more of them
Who wanna contend? You need a 100 more men
My speech starts the planet, multiples of ten
I gain solace every rhyme I deposit
The V.A. gave me supposed combat chronic
Soldier gonna be back on response recovery
Who beat the blood out the beat, wasn't me
A new man emerged, badly burned
I just put the track back on the Bradley sir
Presto, zuto, tropical storm Ernesto
As told by Admiral West on Dead Zone
Out in Florida, low key
Nah homie, this water fountain right here for aliens only
The commando dosey doe in his ranch home
The boarder sun rise in the valley of the moon
I howl like I mean it
I had me a Bodega priestess behind the rose wall, secrets
21 bars, Necronomicon Laws
I can't do a tour I'm a danger to you all
23 bars, Necronomicon Laws
I can't do a tour I'm a danger to you all

"You're a slave to my sound waves"

[Chorus] [Kool Keith]:
I'm sendin' brains a bendin'
"You're a slave to my sound waves"
I'm sendin' brains a bendin'
"You're a slave to my sound waves"

[REMAINING VERSES STILL TO BE TRANSCRIBED]