To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

We're the 5 MCs with versatility
And when we're on the mic, we're a site to see
So come on party people, sit back and relax
Because The Everloving Five will take you to the max!
I'm first in line as you can see
Some people call me Craig, some call me Shorty G
The intelligent rapper, force unknown
My name is EZ Rock for the ladies to own
And I'm the captain of The 5, fly girls adore
And I'm Cool AC and I'm down by law
I'm MC Rozell with the most clientele
And you can't spell my name without the double L
I'm the main attraction, the show stopper
You can call me Jay, or the chief rocker

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

I was walking down the street and what did I see
But a fine young lady who looked so sweet
So I walked right over, introduced myself
Right then I could tell she was in good health
With her light brown eyes, dark brown hair
Her complexion so smooth, her skin so fair
But what impressed me most about this sweetheart
That she knew where she wanted to go from the start
Fancy restaurants and grand hotels didn't give her chills or ring her bell
There was only spot she had to be
To satisfy her desires, fulfill her needs
But where she wanted to go was so out of the way
Couldn't get there by cab or by subway
She said "Take me to the max" where we can lay back
With lovin' so strong that you can't turn back

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

Well just the other day this girl walked up to me
Body so fine she had me hypnotized
I gotta let you know she had me tranquilized
She took me to a place so that I could see
She had big plans and interest in me
She said "Take it to the max" where we could relax
Makin' love together to the daylight crack
Cause the only real deal is my sex appeal
I'm the undercover lover who rhymes at that skill
So tell me G, was she wearing Calvin Kleins?
(Smooth as can be with the pretty brown eyes?)
That sounds like her, I saw her today
Fine as could be, come steppin' my way
Fake acting like there's nothing wrong
Even comin' my way and singin' my song
But now that I know she's dealing with you
What am I supposed to think, or try to do?

Now let me tell you EZ Rock and Shorty G
That sounds like something that happened to me
Because each and everyday I used to work real hard
For a pretty young lady to share my heart
A yes girl that I could call my own
To comfort me when I was all alone
She could be my girl and I could be her man
And together we walk hand-in-hand
I was a lonely man in a mixed-up world
Until I met this very special girl
But there's something very strange about that girl
Can't understand it (Why?) I don't know
(Did she have Calvin Kleins and light brown eyes?)
Yes, the kind that could make my nature rise
Just to look at her could put me in a trance
She could fill my heart with love and romance
And then she said something I could not comprehend

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

Hey EZ, I know you're not content
I was in the same situation and predicament
I was sittin' at home, watchin' TV
Then the doorbell rang so suddenly
So I got out the chair and answered the door
It was my sister and this girl I never seen before
So as they walk in the house I said hello

They responded with an answer I did not know
So I closed the door and said have a seat
With the light brown eyes [?] that was sweet

So I sat down beside her and gave her the rap
She whispered in my ear "Take me to the max"

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

I was chillin' at this party one Saturday
When a fly young lady was comin' my way
When I looked into her light brown eyes
Right then and there I realized
Rozell, that girl was messin' with you
But I couldn't resist and I also knew
She was one of a kind and oh-so fine
I'd do anything to make her mine
But since we go along way back
Homeboy I can't do you like that

To the fellas, here's a warning from The Five
'Bout walkin' down the street, 'bout talkin' that jive
Be careful of the girls you come across
Because you might get burned, you might get lost
The same fly girl that's messin' with you
Might just be messin' with your homeboy too
So take it from The Five cause we've been there
Takin' girls to the max without a care
So be on the lookout because we'll be back
Takin' all you party people to the max!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, is where we'll take you girl!
To the max, is where we'll rock your world! (I want it, I want it!)
To the max, is what we're gonna do!
To the max, this message is just for you!
To the max, that's where we're gonna go!
To the max, is where we'll steal the show!
To the max, that's where we take no jive!
To the max, Rickey G and The Everloving Five!

To the max, I want it, I want it!

To the max, I want it, I want it!