[Verse 1 : P.Diddy]
I'm the definition of half man, half drugs
Ask the clubs - bad boy, that's whassup
After bucks, crush crews after us
No games, we ain't laughin much
Nothin but big thangs, check the hitlist
How we twist shit, what changed but the name?
We still here, you rockin with the best
Don't worry if I write rhymes - I write checks (hah!)
Who's the boss? dudes is lost
Don't think cause I'm iced out, I'mma cool off
Who else but me? (who else? ) and if you don't feel me
That mean you can't touch me, it's ugly, trust me
Get it right dawg, we ain't ever left
We just, moved in silence and repped to the death (yeah)
It's official, I survived what I been through
You all got drama, "the saga continues..."

[Hook]
We ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, goin nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cause this bad boy for life
We ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, goin nowhere
We can't be stopped now, cause this bad boy for life

[Verse 2 : black rob]
Hey yo straight from the harlem streets
I don't play, I push it down with the harlem heat (uh-huh)
All a sudden niggas got a problem wit me (black, what happened? )
They run around actin like the black-o can't eat
And you know what? (what? ) for some strange reason (uhh)
I'm off of this medication, feelin deranged needin
For y'all to put the word out (c'mon, c'mon) we ain't leavin
We tryin to be rich before we all stop breathin
Therefore (what? ) we kinda hustle lames
Stay layin down our muscle games (c'mon)
Still turn niggas dreams to flames (yeah) you got the wire
If not I ain't sayin no names; you'll soon expire; (heh)
No pain (nothin) I feel remorse
Yes of course it's me and diddy up first racin porsches
Wit the big twin valve exhaust-es {*screeching*} (yeah)
On the cover of ya vibe's, xxl's and source's bitch (c'mon, let's go)

[Hook]

[Verse 3 : mark curry]
Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah
It ain't shit changed, since the notorious (we miss you b.i.g.)
See everything still glorious (yeah)
We still got +warriors+, still be the +victorious+ (that's right)
See it's a lot of them, but it's more of us
Still got cash to blow, raps to flow
Still them cats that know, pack ya flow
That's fo' sho', bottles that pop, joints that rock
Played the background, hand on my jock, holdin my Glock (hahaha)
Money to get (yeah), cars to flip (uhh)
Bars to sit at and sip cognac wit jewels that drip (c'mon)
Hoes to see (uhh), make sure they knowin it's me (they know it's you)
Drop that beat, can't believe that I mc (haha)
Bad boy 'til the casket drop (bad boy) gotta love it
Place nuttin above it (nuttin) it's on like that (c'mon)
Don't believe, we ain't goin like that
We're always gonna be here (yeah)
We there (uhh) every motherfuckin year!

[Hook]2x

[Verse 4 : p. diddy over Hook]
Bad boy.. we ain't goin nowhere
Uh-huh.. uh-huh.. what?
We ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here
For ever, and ever, and ever, and ever.. c'mon
We ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here
We ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here
Yeah, uh-huh.. uh-huh, uh-huh
Cause it's bad boy for life!