[K-Ci]
Come and talk to me, I really want to meet you girl
I really want to know your name
Ohh, come and talk to me, I really want to meet you girl
I really want to know your name, oh yeah, babe

[JoJo]
You look so sexy, you really turn me on
Blowin' my mind every time I see your face, girl...

[Jodeci]
You look so sexy you really turn me on
Blowin' my mind every time i see your face, girl

[Verse 1: K-Ci]
I've been watching you, for so very long
Trying to get my nerve built up to be so strong
I really want to meet you, but I'm kind of scared
'Cause you're the kind of lady with so much class

[Pre-Chorus]
I get my thoughts together for the very next day
But when i see you lady I forget what to say
Your eyes and hair, such a beautiful tone
The way you dress and walk, it really turns me on, yeah
Ooh, you really turn me on, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon

[Chorus: Jodeci + (K-Ci)]
Come and talk to me, I really want to meet you
Can I talk to you? I really want to know you
(I wanna know you)
Come and talk to me, I really want to meet you
Can i talk to you? (Ooh yeah) I really want to know you
(Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh...)

[Verse 2: K-Ci]
There you are again, with the same smile on each day
I wanna know what it is that makes me feel this way
I wish I could grab you, tell you what it means to me
To see you walking by and wave, that really makes my day

[Pre-Chorus]
Before I go to sleep, and dream about you
I'm a single man, I hope that you are single, too
Tomorrow I'll say something to set my mind free
'Cause curiosity is buggin' the hell out of me, yeah baby
Talk to me, talk to me, talk to me, baby

[Chorus]
Come and talk to me (my baby), I really want to meet you
Can i talk to you? I really want to know you
(And you know, and you know, you know, and you know know know, baby)
Come and talk to me, I really want to meet you
(I wanna meet you)
Can i talk to you? I really want to know you
(Said I wanna know you, baby)

[Refrain: Jodeci + (K-Ci)]
I wanna know, you wanna tell me your name?
(Won't you tell me your name)
Let me play your game
(Let me play your game, oh yeah)
I wanna know... (Whoa, yeah, oh, said I wanna know you, baby)

[Rap: Phat Doug]
Now I could sit here and call you my honey bun
Beggin' and pleading, and telling you I want some
But that don't fit the Jodeci format
You don't really need that 'cause that ain't where my head's at
Get cozy in my hideout
And if the skins all that, I'll let you know when I slide out
Girlfriend, you know my program
I mean I'm not cock diesel, but I'll be your Conan
Slide to this kid and get comfty
Close the door, dim the lights, press play and then pump me
Pump me like I was a booming system
You told me 'bout your man and how you used to miss him, and...
Notice how I said "used to"
Now I'll fill gap with a rap you'll get used to
'Cause with me, there's no pressure, no strain
I just want to know your name...

[Outro: K-Ci + (Jodeci)]
(I wanna know...I wanna know...)
Oh ooh oh...oh oh...said you feel so good, yeah
Baby, come over and take off all of your clothes
(I wanna know) Let me lick you from your head to your toes
(I wanna know) Oh oh (You wanna tell me your name?)
Don't ever stop me, no, no, no, no no
I don't wanna let you go, no baby
Said you feel so good to me, baby
Oh oh, I won't ever leave you no, no, no, no, no, no no
Oh, don't let me go, baby
Ooh, I just wanna get real nasty with you, baby
Oh, ooh yeah; come on, baby; come on, baby
Oh, I want you, baby
Oh, do you really want me to?