[Intro: Super Cat]
Bumboclaat throat deh pon fire, mon

Baby girl!
You and I will not die
You mention and I will never
Cause me love unuh forever
Say, Puff Daddy inna the area
Say, Mr. Cat, him deh 'bout yah
I love the girls them forever

[Bridge: Super Cat]
Well, let love go, people let a love stay
And let your love with people shine bright along the way
Ragamuffin Mr. Cat, him a di girls dem Dj

[Hook: Super Cat & (Mary J. Blige)]
I say dolly she a me, dolly my baby (Give me your love)
Puffy, dolly she a me, dolly my baby (Give me your love)
And me say dolly, me say dolly my Mary (Give me your love)
And me say dolly, me say dolly my lady

[Verse 1: Super Cat]
I say she love me, and she driving me crazy
I say she love me, and she driving me crazy
Especially when she spot, Phillip a raps and Johnny
And when she smile to Mr. Cat and daddy Puffy
The girl deh tell me say, she want the milk inna she honey
She come to the place and hold the general and get horny
Say, "Mr. Cat, you are my one and my only"
She say, "I like it when you're driving me crazy"
"Oh baby girl you know I love you, I love you madly"
I said, "I love you like how the fish them just a swim inna sea"
"And I love you like how the pocket money, love some money"
"And I love you like how the crib, Jah know, it love baby"
"If all of the girls should leave, and they should go across the sea"
"No matter baby girl, you are my one and only"

[Hook: Super Cat & (Mary J. Blige)]
'Cause your my dolly, you're my dolly oh baby (Give me your love)
Honey, my dolly, you're my dolly oh Mary (Give me your love)
And me say dolly, me say dolly my baby (Give me your love)
Honey and dolly, mi say, dolly my baby

[Bridge: Super Cat]
Well, I said let love go, people let a love stay
And let your love with people shine bright along the way
Ragamuffin Mr. Cat, him a di girls dem Dj

[Hook: Super Cat & (Mary J. Blige)]
You're my dolly, you're my dolly my lady (Give me your love)
Honey, my dolly, you're my dolly my baby (Give me your love)
And me say dolly, me say dolly my Mary (Give me your love)
And me say dolly, me say dolly my honey

[Verse 2: Super Cat]
I said, this girl yah, she killing me with charms
When I man hold her and I have her inna me arms
And the loving, and the kissing, and dem ting deh a what a gwan
Now that she leave, and me miss her from out of mi arms
I miss your tender loving, baby girl, I miss your charms

[Verse 3: Third Eye]
Bling, bling! Who's that with Super Cat?
(Third Eye!, Third Eye!)
Yes black, where all my troopers at?
(Uptown!, Uptown!)
They got my back but I'm still strapped
Got the real phat, phat track for my ill rap, black
Ain't no shame in my game, Jesse West is real
You think that I won't scoop your girl? Oh yes, I will
Check it, check it, it gets hectic, I'mma wreck it
I make fellas jump up and girls get butt naked
So, ring around the rosey, a pocket full of dough G
You know me, I'm low key, I'll smoke you like a stogie
There is no way you can see me, like Stevie
Wonder how I'm living G, oh I'm living lovely
It's a Bad Boy thing, '93 we coming through
Kick it with the flava dude, hit ya on the 1 and 2
Send you on a mission, and you think I'm crazy
Super Cat, dolly, dolly, dolly my baby
I'm crazy

[Verse 4: Puff Daddy]
Knock, knock (who's there?) Puff Daddy, hops
Slick trooper from the Q, come with mad props
I freak the funky fly remix, kid
My man, we make hits, the fly shit that they kick
On your radio, it's the Bad Boys, yo
Making mad noise yo, '93 so act like you know bro
(Who is it?) Puff Daddy rolling through with Super Cat and Mary J
So what ya say, what ya say

[Verse 5: Biggie]
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
The show stoppa, the rhyme droppa
Super Cat pass the Glock, uh, I see you shivering
Check the flavor Biggie Smalls is delivering
Lyrical lyricist flowing lyrics out my larynx
Chubby competitor, quick to kick a chump in the chest
Yes, it's Bad Boy, (Right) hard to the core
LAWWD! Me can't take it no more
Out

"I'm a Bad Boy, I'm a Bad Boy, I'm a Bad Boy"