[Intro]
Uh, it's going out to all the pimps and macs
Y'all know the flavour, Brooklyn style
You know how we do, uh, yeah
All the macs and the dons in the house
Playa playaz, playa, playa - let these hoes know
One two:

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Is it true, all I wanna do is screw?
Drink brew, with the crew, on the avenue? Ooo!
I flip skins like Mary Lou
So what ya gonna do when (aicha) come for you, boo
I got girls that look like Toni Braxton
And give me the skins without askin'
When I'm relaxin' on my back and you know what time it is, uh
But if it's red man, I'll leave it alone
She can call me on my cellular phone
And I mess around and pick you up
Take you to the crib, stick you up
Put on my Silk CD and lick you up and down
Til you say stop, hit the twat, til your pops call the cops
And when I make bail outta jail, I'mmma wail on that tail
Because the sex never fails

[Hook]
I am, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing - and I been waiting
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm

[Verse 2]
"What kind a girls do you like?"
Well, that's various
I like long hair or them Halle-Berry-cuts
Real big butts, yeah, thick with lip stick
Cause when it come to girls I'm optimistic
Like the Sounds of Blackness
I don't need practice in the sack it's natural
I break your back in
I pop coochies like my homeboy Luke
Guaranteed to knock your trees off your Timbo boots
You don't get pussy whipped, you whip that pussy
Hit it from the back til it get real cushy, baby
Good sex is what I'm startin'
I get the skin so wet, I make the ass start fartin'
And I pray that dick don't slip
Cause then I'm hearin' this shit: "That's not it"
And then I just ride til the sun rise
And when I'm done I whipe the cum on her thighs

[Hook]
I am, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing - and I been waiting
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons

[Verse 3]
This is going out to the pimps and macs
That hit skins 'til their broad catch a asthma attack
But not even Pamatti Miss could resist
The way I jumped up and diss the clitoris
All I wanna do is zoom-a-zoom in the boom poom
Smoke a little boom, get some head in the bedroom
And then I whisper soft in the ear
You ain't got to home but you got to leave from here
Simple and plain no strings attached
I'm lettin' you know that I'm a certified mac
I hit skins til the leg cramp
So, on the first I can get half the check and half the stash

[Hook]
I am, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing - and I been waiting
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin' out my palm
This is for the macs and dons

All the playaz in '94, recognize:
Something D full effect, baby, baby
Uh, uh yeah, fuck all you bitches