[Intro: Puff Daddy & Notorious B.I.G]
Mmmmmmmmm-HMM
See.. [echoes]
I told you.. [echoes]

See, I told y'all muh'fuckers
Yo yo.. that stupid nigga man
I told y'all to stop!
He fucked up, yo..
I pray for you to stop
Yo, yo yo yo, yo.. yo.. yo..
Yo, yo yo yo, yo..
But no, you didn't stop
Yo.. yo..
And now, we won't stop

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I make your mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release you lose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga please, blood floods your dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
Than the average playa hater and spectators
Buy my CD twice, they see me in the streets
They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low though"
Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out .44s and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas, snort 'caine niggas
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
'Til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard like my girl's nipples be
The game sour like a pickle be, y'all know the rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz
Thinkin' 'bout all the planes we flew, bitches we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad 'cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit's strenuous
When my men bust, you just move with such stamina
Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha)
Blood rushin', concussions ain't nothin'
Catch cases, come out fronting, smokin' something
Sippin' White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin'
I laced it with the basic, six TVs a system
Knockin' Ma$e shit, face it, we hard to hit
Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, lick shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, long kiss

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
Hell, we don’t give a fuck
We just absolutely don’t give a fuck
Because there ain’t no love here
There ain’t no love here
You know, we gon' keep doin' what we do
We gon' keep fuckin' you up
I'ma keep stomping your motherfucking head in
You fucking bitch

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh.. I'm flamin' gats, aimin' at
These fuckin' maniacs, put my name in raps
What part the game is that? Like they hustle backwards
I smoke Backwoods and Dutchies, you can't touch me
Try to rush me, slugs go, touchy-touchy
You're bleedin' lovely, with yo' spirit above me
Or beneath me, your whole life you live sneaky
Now you rest eternally sleepy, you burn when you creep me
Rest where the worms and the weak be
My nine flies, baptize rap guys
With the Holy Ghost, I put holes in most
You hold your toast shaky, slippin' tryna break me
Look what you made me do, brains blew
My team in the marine-blue Six Coupé
Skied it out, weeded out, cleanin' out
The block for distances, givin' long kisses, bitch

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
Only I can do now, I say a prayer for you
You know, that’s the only thing I can do, just pray for your mind
Because, see your mind is in control of your heart
Where it's supposed to be the other way around
Your heart has got to control your mind
So now, I have no feelings for you
You have made me cruel

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Frank White the menacin', Chron Chron's the medicine
I got the lettuce and you turn green like cucumber skin
Got the new Hummer in the summer when
I was a newcomer then, drugs and MAC-10s
Hugs from fake friends, make ends they hate you
Be broke, girls won't date you
That's why I relate to, choke your ass out 'til your face blue
Make you, open the safe too
No matter how you call it (how you call it), this brolic alcoholic
Like his weed greened out, like his brick solid
Distribute to kids who take heart like Valentine
Drink Ballantine all the time
Slugs hit your chest, tap your spine, flatline
Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked four times
Damn that three to nine, fucked you up for real though
Sling steel slow, as for remorse, we feel no

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Outro: Puff Daddy]
See the fucked up thing is that I love you
You know what I’m saying
It’s just in my nature to love you
I can’t hate you
‘Cause its not in my nature to hate you
You know, I don’t know
Maybe I’m a different type of individual
But you have me on a line
And there’s a thin line between love and hate
And God-forbid I cross that line
Cause I’m not gon’ give a fuck
I’m telling you right motherfucking now
The shit that ya’ll done started
Is never gonna stop!
We are never gonna stop!
And we’re not talking about no other rappers
We’re talking about you, motherfucker!
You know who I’m talking to
We comin' for you
We comin' for you
Laughs
Feels so good
I'ma make you love me baby, baby