[Skit: Puff Daddy & Girl]
Yo let—let—let me ask you a question yo
Yo, would you kill for me?
Hmmm... yeah
What took you so long to answer motherfucker?
I don't know
The fuck wrong with you bitch?

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick
You look so good huh, I suck on your daddy's dick
I never felt that way in my life
It didn't take long before I made you my wife
Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze
Comin' to the crib, even had a set a keys
During the days you helped me bag up my nickels
In the process, I admit, I tricked a little
But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch
Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin' rich
And I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right
I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, uh, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Yeah, just me and my bitch (just me and my bitch)
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch

[Collision/Skit: Puff Daddy & Girl]
But you know you love that ass, don't you?
Yeah, no question
No question
Yo, let me ask you another question
What?
You been fuckin' 'round on me?
Why would I do that?
Yo, don't lie to me motherfucker

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh no, that's not my steelo
I wanna bitch that like to play ceelo, and craps
Packin gats, in a Coach bag steamin dime bags
A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had
With a bop just as strong as me
Totin guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me
Any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it
One day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet (that's nasty)
Throwin my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows
I see my Polos and Timbos
Hide my car keys so I can't leave
A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve
And if I deceive, she won't take it lightly
She'll invite me, politely, to fight, G
And then we lie together, cry together
I swear to God I hope we fuckin' die together

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, yeah

[Collision/Skit: Puff Daddy & Girl]
Let me tell you nigga, if I ever
Ever catch your ass fuckin' around
I'ma cut your mother-fuckin' dick off
Hah, heheh stop playin, hah
I ain't playin, ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes
Ain't no jokes
Yo, don- don't play with my dick

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
She helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies
Didn't hesitate to squeeze, to get my life out of danger
One day, she put 911 on the pager
Had to call back, whether it's minor or major
No response, the phone just rung
Grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem
When I pulled up, police was on the scene
Had to make the U-turn, make sure my shit was clean
Drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes
Stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes
It didn't take long before the tears start
I saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart
And I know it was meant for me
I guess the niggas felt they had to kill the closest one to me
And when I find 'em your life is to an end
They killed my best friend... me and my bitch

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
Just me and my, just me and my bitch, uh
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
Just me and my, just me and my bitch, uh (just me and my bitch)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Yeah, just me and my bitch (just me and my bitch)
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch

[Skit: The Notorious B.I.G. & Girl]
So when did you first start rappin'?
Um, I was like about 18 years old. Yeah, about 18…
So how did you first get started? Who influenced you?
Ain’t nobody influenced me, you know what I’m saying? I was just tired of being on the streets, you know what I’m saying? Had to get up off that, you know
I see. So where you from?
Brooklyn