Part I: My World Is Dead

[Produced by Pete Rock]

[Hook x3]
It's dead, it's dead, it's dead
My world is dead
(My world is dead)

[Verse]
Sitting in my home lamenting my existence
I just killed my homie Charlie man, there was no resistance
That's why it hurts worse, my ways turned him to the enemy
Now others trying to pretend to be a friend to me
I thought we was family, why you think I be scantily
What the fuck I do to deserve this?
I did this for the family, why the fuck would you hurt us?
This stupid shit is some insanity
Where’s the humanity, where the fuck is the man in me?
I wallow in sorrow while thinking about enemies
I put up a facade to justify my actions
We made success, whether from peace or some blastin’
I gave you your fraction, and you gave me mine
You were jealous and you wanted more? Because your lady was mine?
You gave up all this for a bitch? She was a salacious cunt, she wasn't worth going snitch
I helped make you rich, now you're in a deep fucking ditch
Buried a couple feet under the granite at the construction site
My world's falling apart, mothafucka nothing’s right
My goons give me the shifty eye, they know I'm turning weak
I hear the gossip but when I turn they will not speak
I saw a bomb strapped underneath my car, the fuck if they leak
Any info to my foes, them songbirds chirp out they beak
Pray the lord my soul to take if they take me out in a week
I don’t wanna go back to hell, my situation is down shit’s creek
This money means nothing no more, you can fucking take it
If I could I’d find a whole precinct and just go apeshit
Sounds of sorrow and silence, under the guise of Jackie Daniel
Even when I go to sleep at night I pack 15 tons of ammo
When I'm gone, my legacy will come back and haunt you
I give up on defending myself, there’s nothing else to respond to
My last will and testament, don't persecute me for offenses
Let me live long and prosper, under peaceful pretenses
Let me live out my days growing food in my garden
I'm hearing ringing in my ears, I see that my soul is departin’
This bottle speaking to me, it's my only friend
All my other ones are traitors, goddamn it my world is dead

[Hook x4]

[Skit: Kane & Raekwon]
(Phone rings)
Who the fuck is this and what the fuck you want?
You know who this is nigga, you done fucked up!!
Fuck you!! (Drinks booze) Turning my friends against me huh?! It’ll take more then that to kill me!!
Apparently so, we comin for you!! You fucked up!! You managed to kill most of the Commission but not all!! We coming for you!!
Bring them on, you and your organization are nothing!! We fucking killed them all!!
Reorganization is a powerful thing, and when we’re done with you, we’re taking your shit too!!
No one is taking my territory, you will be nothing by the time I find you!! No one will remember your legacy
Remember the name then nigga, Lou Diamond
(Gunshots)
I guess that’s them now, heh. See you on the other side, mark
Fucking cockaroach!!!

Part II: Downfall

[Produced by Diddy]

[Intro: Diddy]
What you lookin' at? You all a bunch of fuckin' assholes. You know why? You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be? You need people like me. You need people like me so you can point your fuckin' fingers and say, "That's the bad guy." So... what that make you? Good? You're not good. You just know how to hide, how to lie. Me, I don't have that problem. Me, I always tell the truth. Even when I lie. So say good night to the bad guy! Come on. The last time you gonna see a bad guy like this again, let me tell you. Come on. Make way for the bad guy. There's a bad guy comin' through! Better get outta his way!

[Hook]
That's not all, traitors have the gall (pray, pray)
To pray and pray for my downfall (pray, pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall (pray, pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall (pray, pray)

[Verse 1]
I grab my carbine, leave em’ deep red like Carmine
Lou Diamond & Tony Starks think they can fuck with me, well I have mob ties
We will never fucking fall, we’ll always come back
We’ll always attack, strike down upon thee, I will not relax
Until I end you, spend two milli just to shoot you in a restroom
Oh shit now it’s moved inside my mansion
I see guys left and right die lookin’ like Charles Manson
They all be dancin’, I get to shootin’
I pierce a fuckin lung or two, now get to losin’
Backup arrives, they carrying hard firearms
I drop fire bombs and they all fall flat, like car tires, uh
I’m getting nervous, my men droppin’ like flies
They drop and they die, like they yellin’ “please stop” & “goodbye”
What the fuck, I seen a man’s blood splatter on my wall
They coming down the hall, the sweat’s dripping right down my balls
A giant truck crashes through the front entrance
I shoot in their general direction, hit a few attackers and pull out my Wesson
I kill a couple more, I head back and reload
I attack and they fold, but this how much a dolla cost?
I swear I killed enough mothafuckas to start a holocaust
But they just keep comin’, I just keep clippin’
I kill about twelve other, mothafuckas that I catch slippin’
Eventually I am empty, no more banana clips
Even my sidearm is out, they better watch they manners, shit
They be trying to take down my door, if they wanna play rough, ok
Whenever it rains it pours

[Hook]

[Break]
You wanna fuck with me? Okay. You wanna play rough? Okay. Say hello to my little friend!

[Verse 2]
I whip out my M60, I be lookin’ like Rambo
Up on so much coke and liquor and I be cookin’ the ammo
I feel all dressed in camo, covered in enemy blood
Watching the enemy run, fucking disgrace, a bunch of fuckin’ whores
I say grace and lay waste through the double doors
I leave about five wiseguys lookin’ like they burgers and fries
I heard of the lies, of the dirt and demise
I hear bullets penetrate bone, and of their words and their cries
I feel like a super soldier
Throw some pineapples grenades, explode like a supernova
Mothafuckas know I'm god, how the fuck they think to shoot Jehovah
Oh shit I run out of bullets, so I pull the deuce deuce from out of my holster
One shot, two shot, clear the whole room
They just keep coming, like a vegan to whole foods
Oh shit my last guy died, now I really gotta blast my nine
Throw my M60 at my victim, use the surprise
To shoot him in the head, but it takes a while for him to die
All the sudden the shooting stops, and I think I'm in the clear
Until Lou Diamond and fifty others decide to reappear
I whip out my pistol, but there's only a click
Now it looks like I'm in some deep shit
Fuck
Gunshots

[Hook]

[Outro: Kane, sounds, Killer & (Raekwon)]
Go ahead! I take your fucking bullets! You think you kill me with bullets? I take your fucking bullets! Go ahead!
Final Gunshots
He's dead
(Good, serves that motherfucker right. Now get outta there before the cops come)
Sirens and loud running