[Produced by LoudBoy]

[Intro]
Sweff!
Diddy long!
These are just the thoughts in my head, and I feel like I should just share 'em
Okay, so

[Verse 1: Sweffy Barr]
Realistic dreams caught in a world of contingency
Consistently weathered down by the demons who try to get rid of me
I'm such a savage yelling "Geronimo!" into any buzz I can see
Searching for a portrait of apathetic ecstasy
Drifting at sea with nose bleeds, humming a song only a siren can preach
Watching the movie of myself turning into what I don't want to be
Sad that negativity became the power source for the thoughts that my brain conceives
The state that I'm in has become quite the emergency
That can only be changed with the sincerest of urgency
Speak my mind till the people have heard of thee
Shakespearin' my poetry so only the real can contest
To my disease, for being sicker than uncle cousin brother with sister, incest
Stress tried to outweigh my head to where I couldn't bench press
The thought of the future or even what's next. (get 'em)
No appreciation for what I had, always starving for more, (get 'em)
All I could think about was having less
Waking up accepting life for being over
Time was always wasted when I'm home alone sober (true)
Had to grow up and call out my problems like we were playing red rover (red rover! red rover!)
Then I would stare and hope that nothing will come over. Got a little bit older
Started climbing the cliffs of Dover, just to see if it's colder. (brr)
Even the strangeness of my mind at the time, written in stone as a rhyme
Couldn't have even gotten me signed with Tech N9ne
Now, I have love for myself and appreciation for everything that's mine
Now I spit shit doper than opiates cause everyone wants to do a line
All I'm doing is rhythmically contemplating the words on my mind
This is the moment in darkness where I actually took a chance to shine
People think that I'm wrong the way that I'm always sit at home, and make my words sublime
But, I'm taking a moment to actually be on one, so I can claim I'm actually, truly, one of a kind

[Hook: Sweffy Barr]
If I have to, I'll keep fighting a losing battle
Until all the moments my bones become shattered
Knowing the only thing in my heart that truly matters
Is to spread some love, light, and some laughter
If I have to, I'll keep fighting a losing battle
Until the moment all of my bones become shattered
Knowing the only thing in my heart that truly matters
Is to spread some love, light, and some laughter

[Verse 2: Diddy]
So many voices in my head, drop dead
Snug up with my little sisters on the sofa bed
Living off water and that whole wheat bread
We had no father figure, bro! we was all misled, to
Believe that Santa would show up on Christmas Eve
To each of us is getting one gift under the Christmas tree
And that wasn't gonna stop Diddy to succeed
To be the person he believed to be, trust me!
There was no women on my mind, being rich was the prize, goodbye
I'm too high, with red eyes, playing with my life, snake eyes!
Stay positive, no fucks to give, push away all the negative
No matter how much you wanna be talkative, I won't tell you what I been through
When I was lost, who did I turn to?
If you helped me through my struggle, I say thank you! I say thank you!
I'm on that 6 train listening to Kanye
Smooth ride with no delays
Menace to society, with no privacy, in NYC
I'm in control of my life, pay attention to my own advice
I'll sacrifice anything for my mother to make sure that she live right!
Clutch final shot at the buzzer! Play every game, check my numbers!
And judge yourself, and not no others

[Hook: Sweffy Barr]
If I have to, I'll keep fighting a losing battle
Until all the moments my bones become shattered
Knowing the only thing in my heart that truly matters
Is to spread some love, light, and some laughter
If I have to, I'll keep fighting a losing battle
Until the moment all of my bones become shattered
Knowing the only thing in my heart that truly matters
Is to spread some love, light, and some laughter