[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
One, one two
Check me out right here yo

[Verse 1: Puff Daddy & The Notorious B.I.G.]
Yo, the sun don't shine forever
You can turn the track up a little bit for me
But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together
All up in my ears
Better now than never, business before pleasure
The mic is loud, but the beats isn't loud
P. Diddy and the Fam, who you know do it better?
Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight (YEAH!)
So when you hear somethin, make sure you hear it right
Don't make a ass outta yourself, by assumin
YEAH! Now the mic is lower, turn the mics up
Our music keeps you movin, what are you provin?
Turn that shit all the way up, yeah
You know that I'm two levels above you baby
Music's gettin louder
Hug me baby, I'mma make you love me baby
This shit is hot!
Talkin crazy, ain't gon' get you nuthin but choked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
And that jealousy is only gonna leave you broke
So the only thing left now is God for these cats
And BIG you know you too hard for these cats
I'mma win cause I'm too smart for these cats
While they makin up facts (uhh) you rakin up plaques

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
In The Commission, you ask for permission to hit 'em
He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him
You heard of us, the murderous, most shady
Been on the low lately, the feds hate me
The son of (*Satan*), they say my killing's too blatant
You hesitatin, I'm in your mama crib waitin
Duct tapin, your fam' destiny
Lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist
Francis, M to the izz-H phenomenal
Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal
Rhyme a few bars so I could buy a few cars
And I kick a few flows so I could pimp a few hoes
Excellence is my presence, never tense
Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick
Real sick, raw nights, I perform like Mike
Anyone -- Tyson, Jordan, Jackson
Action, pack guns, ridiculous
And I'm, quick to bust, if my ends you touch
Kids or girl you touch, in this world I clutch
Two auto-matoes, used to call me fatso
Now you call me Castro, my rap flows
Militant, y'all faggots ain't killin shit
Ooops Cristal keep spillin shit; you overdid it homes
You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone
Hold hands and say it like me
The most shady, Frankie baby, fantastic
Graphic, tryin to make dough, like Jurassic
Park did quick to spark kids who start shit
See me, only me the underboss
Of this holocaust, truly yours, Frank White

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?

[Verse 3: Big L]
Ayo, I shoulda been out
I'm deadly when I pull the pen out
Keep frontin', I'mma try yo' chin out
I knocked a lot of men out
I left 'em on the floor spittin' phlegm out
It's either that or I'mma squeeze the gat and pop ten out
You see Corleone, ice spinnin', jigged out, white linen
And if a bitch don't like me she must like women
Every time I come around you see your wife grinnin'
Don't be mad 'cuz yo' career's in the ninth innin'
It's over now, nigga, leave the game
I'm from the danger zone where emcees get slain
Where thugs'll never hesitate to squeeze the flame
Where niggas be takin' drugs just to ease the pain
Hustlers flip cokey, 48 Hours like Nick Nolte
When I was OT, yo bitch wrote me
First day home I dived in it
Left her thighs dented
Now that bitch be pagin' me every five minutes
Emcees I squash and disgrace, it's all about the Benjis
So why your bills got Washington's face?
A lot of cats be frontin'
Mad singles wit' a fifty on top
L tryin' to have the city on lock
Peace to Biggie and Pac 'cuz they really were hot
Rap game, heavy hitters, it's a shame they no longer wit' us
Niggas wanna be L, ladies wanna see L
If I go to jail you'll wear a shirt sayin' "Free L!"
What

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
Now I was born as a rebel, making trouble for the devil
Take this gang bang shit, to a whole (a)nother level
Can you feel me now?
Armies in every city
Definition of power
Players are you with me?
See the war is the prophecy
Survival is the strategy
Rest in peace to my comrades that deceased
Walking down the streets of time
Youll have these devils petrified of a nigga in his right mind
They tell us that we hopeless and hell bound
This fo the brothers in penetentiaries jailed down
I got you in my heart till tha day I die
Think of tha damage we can do, if we wasn't high
Can you picture me loc? Its a thugs wrath
Political contracts and blood baths
For Matulu Shakur up in the Rikers
Though they got you, I never let them stop me
The struggle continues

[Verse 5: Ice Cube]
I'm treated like the presidential motorcade
Taking out the residential global persperation
Freaky gyrations close to fornication
Numbers get passed when asked information
Intoxication faded inebriated
Designated driver liver than Macgyver
Blocking freaks in all of 'em tens
Stallions get them to pile in
Sitting on 'lacs bitch we write raps
Backdo' access you getting jealous
Standing all in line with designer umbrellas
Bad fellas running with the East Side connection
Any kind of club with a star check they weapons
Who wanna sex DMX get naked

[Hook: Busta Rhymes]
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?