[Produced by Carlos "6 July" Broady and Nashiem Myrick]

[Intro]
The Commission:
Uncle Paulie, P. Diddy, Cease-A-Leo DeGenero (yeahhh)
Charli Baltimore, Iceberg Slim
The most shady, Frankie Baby
We here (do you know what beef is?)
We ain't goin' nowhere (do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh (ask yourself, do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh, uhh

[Verse 1]
Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
Rapper style used by me, the B.I.G
I put my key, you put your key in, money we'll be seein'
Will reach the fuckin' ceiling, check-check it
My Calico been cocked, this rap Alfred Hitchcock
Drop-top-notch, playa-hatin' gon' stop
This instant, rappers too persistent
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste
Like ass when you speak it, see me in the street
Your jewelry? You can keep it, that be our little secret
See me, B, that is, I that is, gee-whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz
Don't they know my nigga Gutter fuckin' kidnap kids
Fuck 'em in the ass, throw 'em over the bridge
That's how it is, my shit is laid out
Fuck that "beef" shit, that shit is played out
Y'all got the gall, all I make is one phone call
All y'all disappear by tomorrow
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow
Actually, your man passed the Gat to me, now check this

[Chorus]
What's beef? Beef is when you need two Gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time
What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it

[Verse 2]
I done smoked with the best of 'em (uh-huh) shot at the rest of 'em
(Uh-huh) Was about a hundred or more...maybe less of 'em
Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be
Wilin' on you, just be stylin' on you (you so crazy)
When I, tried to warn you but your eyes fucked up
Now I cleared them shits with hits you on the fuckin' bench (mmm)
Pardon my French but, uh, sometimes I get kind of
Peeved at these weak MC's (don't stop) with the
Supreme baller like lyrics, I call 'em like I see 'em, G
Y'all niggas sound like me (yeah)
Y'all was grimy in the early 90s, far behind me
It ain't hard to find me, number one with the "booyaka" (booyaka)
Give me the Remy and the chronic, ain't no tellin' what I do to ya
It's obvious the game's new to ya (new to ya)
Take them ends you make (ehehe)
And spend 'em on a tutor, hah, one shot, I'm through with ya

[Chorus]
What's beef? Beef is when you need two Gats to go to sleep (don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU (I see you), one more time
What's beef? (What's beef)
Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep (start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep (30 deep)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it (I see you)

[Verse 3]
There'll be nothin' but smooth sailin' (sailin')
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailin' (bailin')
All I got is heat and tough talk for you (uh-huh)
Tie you up, cut your balls off just to use (oooh)
Man, listen, straight torture
Look what that slick shit bought ya
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Christopher
Watch me Set It Off like Vivica
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (uh-huh)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold: your soul's risen
It's bad cause I just begun
What make the shit real bad, I was havin' fun (ahaha!)

[Chorus]
What's beef? (What's beef?)
Beef is when you need two Gats to go to sleep (Don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (Ain't safe) Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time (I see you)
What's beef? (What's beef?)
Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep (Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep (30 deep)
Beef is when I see you (I see you)
Guaranteed to be in ICU, and I'm through

[Outro]
(Yeah, and I'm through)
Uhhh, uhhh
The life after
(Now ask yourself, do you really, know what beef is?)
Life after
(Then ask yourself)
Uhh (Do you really, want beef?)
Life after...
(Ahahaha! Yeah, I like that)
(Big Nash, Hitmen baby, on and on and on and on)
(Bad Boy)
(Y'all know what it is)
(Shit, I don't want no beef, ahaaa!)