[Intro: Smino]
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Lil heathen in Heathrow
Blokes

[Chorus: Smino]
Whiskey with the team, got it bubblin'
I got trees in my luggage, I got tings out in London
Hope UK, what you say? Fuck is you sayin'?
Oh when I say I been at the Ace hotel, you gotta tell me somethin'
Fuck is you sayin'? Oh let me tell you, I been on the way
What you sayin'? I'm making runs

[Verse 1: Smino]
I'm roll on track, I'm in this field
I'm shot, you put me in my feels
She made it clap clap clap clappity-clap out in Clapton
Swerve and I crash if the pillow ain't your passion
She think I'm a liar like the Obamacare
If the old never heard the soul country so slick
Butterskin smooth acne shoes, contradict
You can hop right offa my country

[Chorus: Smino]
Team got it bubblin'
I got trees in my luggage, I got tings out in London
Hope UK, what you say? Fuck is you sayin'?
Oh when I say I been at the Ace hotel, you gotta tell me somethin'
Fuck is you sayin'? Oh let me tell you, I been on the way
What you sayin'? I'm making runs

[Verse 2: Noname]
Smino Grigi, Noname, and Saba the best rappers
And radio niggas sound like they wearing adult diapers
And globalization scary and fuckin' is fantastic
And frankly I find it funny that Morgan is still actin'
Bruce Almighty, Aphrodite and Dominoes
Yummy biscotti, tamale, over matching my undertones
Run in to Dally , Chicago overzealous with talent though
Westside get the money, is still a classic
Movin' to LA, now I'm sippin on Sunny D
And my nigga is hella pleased and I bought me a better pen so a
Bitch she ain't 'bout to write, I'm perpetually smoking weed
If smi rolling, I'm sorry, I'm tapping out
Room 25, the best album that's coming out
Labels got these niggas just doing it for the clout
I'm just writing my darkest secrets like wait and just hear me out
Saying vegan food is delicious like wait and just hear me out

[Verse 3: Saba]
I ain't been at home in a minute, my landlord been gettin' pissed
'Cause I barely count as a tenant, I'm overseas with the yen and shit
And I can't recall the last time that my live show was intimate
The price for the show just went up, in addition the tickets did
They didn't figure it out in 2012 so I just said fuck it
'Cause we can drop all our albums ourselves, yeah I just said fuck it
'Cause I know I got the gift like an elf
And been wrapping raps around them like I'm a belt
That's tea not ginger beer, I whisper in they ear
Since I left the road, I got more hits than a deer
A dollar and a dream like I'm Jermaine in the Ville
You stand up or fall, pray, shout out to NFL
Pure-bred delicatessen, damn, I'm real, I can tell it (tell it)
I do not fall to no pressure (ah), cookin' up Barefoot Contessa (ah)
I just raise the bar, Ay look what I did with the measure
With little to no effort, I thought it gonna be messed up, bless up

[Chorus: Smino]
Whiskey with the ting, got it bubblin'
I got trees in my luggage, I got tings out in London
Hope UK, what you say? Fuck is you sayin'?
Oh when I say I been at the Ace hotel, you gotta tell me somethin'
Fuck is you sayin'? Oh let me tell you, I been on the way
What you sayin'? I'm making runs