[Intro]
I thought I was gone write a rap
I thought I was gone...

[Verse 1: Noname]
I thought I was gone write a rap but this be baby miracle
Virginity in karat gold, alphabet in the cereal
I'll forget why I'm here alone
Sentiment for a different song
Let's get back to IG, open the DM, I think he like me
Asiatic black man, affinity with lap dance
The walls is caving, the laws is changing
Bill Cosby ain't the god we made him, they all forgave him
I think I wrote a song about confusion and perception
Messages in bottles, disillusion on the guest list
You said plus one, so where your plus one at?
I hope he find his way to Arizona now
I hope he find Fatimah and she hold him down

[Verse 2: Noname]
What a pretty lady in the valley of the shadows
I'm thinking she lost a battle
I'm thinking she found the bottle
Blueberry bubblegum bassinet in my hideout
Baby said turn the lights low
Momma said go to bed now
I had a dream I rocked my baby fast asleep
Count the toes, they're all there, kiss the cheek
I think this is a song about redemption
Or a mother's intuition
How my kitchen sounds like church bells
Why they sell me, my dollar, and my dream?
White picket fence, crop of the cream
I know this is a song for overcoming
And me coming, and me running out of ways to....uh-uh

[Hook: Noname]
Dance with me, dance with me
Dance with me, dance with me
Dance with me, dance with me
Dance with me, I know I'm free
Dance with me, I know I'm free

[Outro]
Peter Rodis: Well what's free to you?
Nina Simone: What's free to me? Same thing it is to you, you tell me
Peter Rodis: No, you tell me
Nina Simone: Just a feeling... It's just a feeling. It's like how do you tell somebody how it feels to be in love? How are you going to tell anybody who has not been in love how it feels to be in love? You cannot do it to save your life. You can describe things, but you can't tell them. But you know it, when it happens. That's what I mean by "free". I had a couple times on stage when I really felt free, and that's something else. That's really something else! I'll tell you what freedom is to me: No fear!