[Intro: Myles Parrish]
P-P-P-Lo, time to bring the bass back

[Verse 1: Kehlani]
Welcome to the Bay, it's the land of the real
The home of the honest, the home of no chill
And we don't take no L's we just run up the bills
Leave a fuck nigga on these hills
Never seen a scraper on less than dubs
Never seen a hater with a section at the club
Young heartbreaker but the world show me love
Only after paper, gotta get it while I’m young
Steph Curry for the win, boy
And I'm Curry with the pimp, boy
Never miss a shot of a verse that’s a sin, boy
All across the board, yeah the Bay is on ten, boy
Gang goin' up, team goin' up
And this beat goin' up, streets goin' up
Ayy, gang goin' up, team goin' up
And this beat goin' up, streets goin' up

[Chorus: Iamsu! & G-Eazy]
Man, they put me in the game, so I'ma play
I'ma do it one time for the Bay
From the place where they say it can’t be done
Make no mistake, I’m a champion
Champion, a champion, a champion
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Champion, a champion, a champion (Heartbreak Gerald, yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yee!

[Verse 2: G-Eazy]
The whole Bay is goin' up now
It's champagne in my cup now
Cause at the top it's just us now
They want a favor like what's up now
It's funny everybody gives a fuck now
Summer Jam, made 30 bands
And I'm still in a flannel, ripped jeans, and some dirty Vans
And I'll still hit the furly dance
They got faith in me same way they do in Steph Curry's hands
Now they think it's a fluke like we lucked up
No no, bitch you got me fucked up
Look, it's me and Baelani
I'm hella clean and I'm shining
Bitch, I was dipped when you saw me
You thirsty, you need Dasani
Now, why not us, then became a world champion
No one saw it coming, everybody said it can’t be done
Home of the hyphy ones, bruh I come from the land of them
Chill cause I hang with OGs, now they stampin' him
Eazy

[Chorus: Iamsu!]
Man, they put me in the game, so I'ma play
I'ma do it one time for the Bay
From the place where they say it can’t be done
Make no mistake, I’m a champion
Champion, a champion, a champion
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Champion, a champion, a champion
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 3: Lil B]
Yesssssss!
You already know, man
It’s your boy, Lil B (Figaro!)
Now everybody know about the Based God
But my name Lil B, MVP
All I do is splash like I'm Klay Thompson
Guns in the back, look how the Bay rockin' (Yeah!)
Came off the bench like Iguodala
Every time I shoot, the crowd get louder
Call me Draymond cause I'm 'bout green
Everyday I go dumb, you know what I mean (Yesssss!)
RIP to The Jacka and Mac Dre (Mac Dre)
Light up the weed when this song play (song play)
Keep it positive but these suckas watchin'
I'll bust a nigga head if it's no option
I'll see you with the hands 'fore I use a gun
I'm a warrior, I don't gotta run
Dojo niggas do the one on one (Yesssss!)
If you don't fight fair, I'ma play dirty
Cross a nigga fast like Steph Curry (Based God!)
I got too much swag, I don't flick my wrist (Nope!)
Do the cookin' dance when I fuck a bitch (Yesssss!)
Count a couple grand when I hit a lick (Hit a lick)
Everybody scream 'Lil B', bitch
Everybody scream 'Lil B', bitch!
Haters in the back, you can get whacked
Where I'm from? The Bay, you don't need a map

[Chorus: Iamsu!]
Man, they put me in the game, so I'ma play
I'ma do it one time for the Bay
From the place where they say it can’t be done
Make no mistake, I’m a champion
Champion, a champion, a champion
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Champion, a champion, a champion
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah