Uh, uh, uh, uh

[Hook: IamSu]
Tell the world about it (X2)
Just bought a car and now imma 'bout to tell the world about it
And when I pull up, I bet you gonna see your girl about it
And when I pull up, I bet you gonna see your girl about it
Go tell the world about it
Tell the world about it
Just bought a car and now I'm about to tell the world about it
And when I pull up
I bet you gonna see your girl about it
And when I pull up
I bet you gonna see your girl about it
She gonna tell the world about it
Tell the world about it
Tell the world about it
The world about it it
And when I pull up
I bet you gonna see your girl about it
We always pull up to the back because the front's too crowded

[Verse 1: IamSu]
Everything is everything
Blow Mary Jane like Method Man
Need 10 racks for a show, tax niggas a percent
Heartbreakers, the company
I got big ?? in my
I mean Levis, he lead style
Niggas buy enough for my time to pay
What a fuck you said? Fuck you mean?
Money, money ain't nothing coming between
She gone see you , every time she run with the team
I got white girls like Gucci Man
Black girls that don't usually dance
Popping out in that old black truck
Where he gone? Excuse me, man
All my hoes are usually 10's
Heartbreak, young Sooty, man
Been that, young nigga
And everybody that run with him
Go hard, no lie
I'm at your neck like bow ties
I can count your check with no eyes
If I like the shit, I go buy
Press the gas pedal just a little bit
Now tell these fuck niggas goodbye
I go hard as hell, I don't try
And I'm hot as hell, I'm on fire!
Like peace, sayonara
Gonna see your ass tomorrow
Got a bad ass bitch, you would swear she a model!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: IamSu]
I'm a pioneer, I showed you lame hoes how to stunt
I pull up music like a fool, I bring out pesos every month
Were so many niggas hating, but I took on everyone
Killing everything, they put me on they think carry guns, son
Private tune, you're the ruin, she fire hot, I'm barbecue
I been about paper, don't know what you all been doing
The shit is a layer, I'm talking, Patrick ??
I'm just stacking music, lay back, just cruising
These niggas say they're hot, but don't got the stacks to prove it
I can't go back to losing, I'm too used to winning!
Heartbreak gang, we're in it
Girls, it's just the beginning!

I'm MJ bad, I can't place last
I'm going to hard, my campaign add
The heart break game, begin this thing
We must maintain, to get this game
Put you on, to take you off
I'm going to hard, I can't go South
She gave me head, her clothes come off
And then she's mine I pull her ??

Chorus:
Tell the world about it (X2)
Just bought a car and now I'm about to tell the world about it
And when I pull up, I bet you gonna see your girl about it
And when I pull up, I bet you gonna see your girl about it
She gone' tell the world about it, tell the world about it
Tell the world about it (X2)
And when I pull up, I bet you gonna see your girl about it
We always pull up to the back because the front's too crowded

Tell the world about it
Te-tell the world about it

Tell the world about it
Te-tell the world about it