[Intro]
Raw Smoove with a banger…

[Hook]
Slide in that thang, good D game
Bust it so good, girl, what's my name?
Hit it from the back, headboard swag
When I talk shit, shorty answer right back
I be on her like
Who booty is it? Who booty is it?
Who booty? Who booty? Who booty is it?
Who booty is it? Who booty is it?
Who booty? Who booty? Who booty is it?

[Verse 1: Khleo]
I goes deep, just spread, and you’ll see
Pin you to the bed, legs wide, long as my arms’ reach
I love to see it, leave the lights on
Tongue like a snake, you workin’ with a python
Don’t care where I’m lickin’, ‘long as you moanin’
Have you screaming Khle ‘til the early morning
Stay another round, you ain’t gotta bounce
Do a 68, and we ain’t keepin’ count
Freaky Khle is what they fiend for
Hit it harder just to hear you scream more
Wait a minute love, tell the truth
Let me ask you baby girl, who it belong to?

[Hook]

[Verse 2: IamSu]
It's all mine, connected online
Respected at all times, pushing a hard line
It's Heartbreakers, the gang and
We all are never off
I go hard, ho, never soft
I call shots ‘cause I'm a boss, uh
You ain't gotta ask who it belong to
Back, back it up and put it on Su
Uh, going hard, that's my strong Su
Have you screaming out Su, with the wrong dude
Name check
Have you butt naked waiting when I came back
Young Suzy, Heartbreakers brought the Bay back
Niggas thought I was playing every time I used to say that

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jay Rafael]
You heard right, the game is air tight
My squad up in the party we came to get right
These SBs on my feet is something light
Hat to the back and a bad chick by my side
Safe to say it, I stay on top of my occupation
Face it, baby, I’m better than all the men you dated
I’m just sayin’, that body stay on something crazy
She got me buzzing, my nigga…and I ain’t talkin’ Shwayze
I put it down when I come around
Bumpin’ somethin’ slow just to let her know what I’m all about
Drop it low just to show me what it’s hittin’ fo’
And if you really wit’ it, then baby, just let a nigga know

[Hook]

[Bridge: Jonn Hart]
I'm gonna smack it, I'm gonna smack it
(That's my shit) I'm gonna smack it
Girl, now let me smack it (smack it)
Now let me smack it (smack it)
Now let me smack it (smack it)
Ay yeah