[Verse 1: D-T-Rayne]

I’m spittin’ lots of bars, alien like I’m from Mars
I like Lamborghini cars, and my flow is sick like SARS
I’m cuttin’ like glass shards and I slap it really hard
It gets hot like I’m a star then I pass it like Brett Favre
My vocabulary’s extraordinary, y’all niggas just so ordinary
I’m a beast don’t need no veterinarian, y’all wish y’all could eat me, vegetarians
Alliteration, narration. No need to naturalize, not your nation
Get on out of here and stop fakin’. You have no connection to Kevin Bacon
Lol. Smiley face. Come on girl let’s cut to the chase
I ain’t trying to go on no date. I’m just trying to get some face
Horizontal hokey pokey. Leave a ring around her rosie
Lots of squeaking. Lots of bumping. She got me feeling like Humpty Dumpty
Like crack. Imma give it to her once and she’ll come back
Will I go to the party stag? With my swag, I’ll be glad to
Why you looking sad, boo? Hop up in the Jag or Coup
Ride around the town shopping. Buy a Gucci bag or two
Then later on that evening, I’ll have her fiending
But I ain’t gonna give without receiving. Girl I mean it
After she finish screaming, she packing up and leaving
And I wish that you could see it, the way I got her leaning
Cause I’m extraordinary.. Yeah I’m extraordinary. (But it ain’t over, nope)
[Verse 2]
D-T’s about to Rayne on this track, with Vino and Ta I know they got my back
And I make most beats so you know it be so sweet, sweeter than me when I do good deeds
You could say that my words are the Salvation Army and donations would be lyrics from me
And if you wanna join this family then you’ll have to talk to the president
(Oh my God) Here I am, D-T-Rayne about to go HAM
Yes it’s the R34L Deal, It’s not a sham. Spit that fire while the beat go BLAM
Hot ass beat, clap. If you didn’t know it’s already a wrap
Cause my lyrics hit harder than the way the beat slap. On my grown man status, don’t call me no chap
Listen, I’mma slow the flow for ya, then break it down like a Ford or Toyota
Get my bars in to fill this quota, then server you punchlines like Oscar De La Hoya
(sigh) Lemme take a breath, I could mimic other rappers like my name was Seth
But I got my own flow that I call the best. Need the proof, just listen to the rest