[Chorus: Ace Hood]
Another day, another dollar
Every 24, I'm thinking money and the power
Bills due, money running low
Plus my cousin lost her mind and had an overdose
Way too many problems, got me stressed out
What you do when you got 7 days to move out?
Go on! Git! Go on! Git! Go on! Git!
I'm out here chasing cream
Go on! Git! Go on! Git! Go on! Git!
Need it, by any means..

[Verse 1: Ace Hood]
Mama went and got it, daddy never home
Started learning from the streets, but I know my heat a chrome
Never sold no kind of dope, just a real nigga
Take the canned foods, I'm tryna get a real dinner
Get your money stacked, your paper keep away the feds
Keep it real and fuck a hater
That's what my brother said
Keep my head high, nevermind them local jokers
From the minute I wake, I grind
Gotta make that monthly quota
We too legit to quit though
Can't stop, no wait, no slow-mo
Gotta feed the team and my kin folk
Think of all the stress that I've been through
Way too much fuckin problems
Way too much fuckin bills
By any means necessary, gotta see my mom in?

[Chorus: Ace Hood]
Another day, another dollar
Every 24, I'm thinking money and the power
Go on! Git! Go on! Git! Go on! Git!
I'm out here chasing cream
Go on! Git! Go on! Git! Go on! Git!
Need it, by any means..

[Verse 2: Beanie Sigel]
Black incorporated, Bo bangs mind frame
Do for self, nigga. organized crime wave
I pricked my finger, took my oath and wrote my name in blood
Kill everything, got baby bodies floating in the tub
Natural Born Killa, nigga. nothing ill as this
Leave nothing breathing, stick a toothpick through the goldfish
You's a sucka nigga, greener than a blade of grass
I take the half a phone book. Blew him for 30 bands
Gotta get it while the getting's good
That Desert Eagle stainless steel, the handle cherry wood
I got that G-lock, 33 ladder works
I bag a bullet to your belly, make your bladder burst
Now you pissin blood, I'm fishing for grub
I'm in the water with the Great White, I'm whippin up
Don't make me hop our with that thing and start spraying shit
Chopper bullets longer than the Section 8 waitlist

[Chorus: Ace Hood]
Another day, another dollar
Every 24, I'm thinking money and the power
Go on! Git! Go on! Git! Go on! Git!
I'm out here chasing cream
Go on! Git! Go on! Git! Go on! Git!

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
Shine up all of the guns there, keep en shine and crisp
Cause if a nigga tryina to come in and
Try weigh in on how I feed my family and
Try to dig up in my pockets it'll be a catastrophic little situation
And I'll be leaving a million dead and gone up? All in his own piss
Father bless me: Jesus Christ
Cause I'm about to go and commit my worst sin
Just know that whenever we gonna defend it and survival
Of the people that I love and all the people that I feed
And I'm ready to kill and massacre anything movin
Pass me the rest, muthafucka, best believe I'm going in
See now I'm commin to get it and then I STOP
Don't speed-rap this this part, let me walk thru em
This topic... we addressing... so serious: let me talk to em
Look at my baby's eye, while they smile at me playful
Fuck you think I'm gonna do when the hunger gets painful?
Every day I hit the street and I taste it like grapefruit
If I ain't eat your food yet - you better be grateful!
Be grateful that you had time to think that I overlooked it
And you had an extra day with it before I came and took it

[Chorus: Ace Hood]
Another day, another dollar
Every 24, I'm thinking money and the power
Go on! Get it! Go on! Get it! Go on! Get it!
I'm out here chasing cream

[Verse 4: Pusha T]
Gotta get mine by any means
Malcolm X vs. any King
Marched this bitch with kilo dreams
Tony locked up, let freedom ring
Free my mind, it's beautiful
Ain't freeze the watches, it's a Hublots
Ears are different, 2 below
Scott La Rock I'm a super ho
Super fly, super paid
Niggas stunt hard as Super Dave
Yeah, where's the cape? You ain't gotta ask me where's the flake
In the pot, cook some base
MIAyo 808s: niggas wanna know why I link with Ace?
Black muthafucka with expensive taste
Hustle hard, just like me
Ice Cream man, nigga, just like P
Murder you muthafuckas just like C
Move that raw nigga, just like D
Certified, walk the streets
Consequence, nigga, talk is cheap
You don't want a problem off the beat
Before I off his ass with his awful teeth

[Chorus: Ace Hood]
Another day, another dollar
Every 24, I'm thinking money and the power
Go on! Git! Go on! Git! Go on! Git!
I'm out here chasing cream
Go on! Git! Go on! Git! Go on! Git!
Need it, by any means..

[Verse 5: Styles P]
Robbery turns into Murder 1
Murder 1: make it look like its robbery
.44 show you boys vagina like pornography
Put your friends, get a Benz, inside's mahogany
Pretty bitch, let her stunt, classy suit
Nice shoes, smoke blowing, guns all around
Yeah the mob will meet. Now let's keep it G
On some ref shit
We don't trust each other, we don't know each other's address
I fuck your girl, crack your safe, slash the mattress
Nigga, you an actor, you a bitch, you an actress
I go and get it, yeah G & G
I don't give a fuck, I hit your crib up with TNT