[Intro: Rick Ross]
H-Town, what it do?
ROZAY!
This real talk

[Verse 1: Rick Ross]
I got a Chevy, got a Benz
Got a connect he keep me straight
I think he's Mexican
It's time to show these niggas how we do it
HUH! It's time to show these niggas how we do it
HUH! I'm counting paper and I'm running through it
HUH! I'm counting paper and I'm running through it
HUH! Just bought a Benz still got a paper tag
I'm on my paper chase racing where the paper at
WOO! Money bags stacked on top my money bags
Work guarantee or come and get your money back
Bummy clothes hoes used to laugh at us
Now I close deals like I'm athletic
I used to fail math as an adolescent
Leave a nigga close casket just to sent a message
Big money bitch, I'm still talking stacks
She ain't with me fucking, fuck her she walking back
30 cars and I got my lawyer fare
Killing the game damn I think I need my lawyer here (2x)
30 cars and I got my lawyer fare
Killing the game damn I think I need my lawyer here (2x)

[Hook: Rick Ross]
It's time to show these niggas how we do it
HUH! It's time to show these niggas how we do it
HUH! I'm counting paper and I'm running through it
HUH! I'm counting paper and I'm running through it

[Hook: Slim Thug]
THUGGA! It's time to show these niggas how we do it
HA! It's time to show these how we do it
HA! I'm counting paper and I'm running through it
THUGGA! I'm counting paper and I'm running through it

[Verse 2: Slim Thug]
I got stupid money
Make a bitch fall in love call that Cupid money
'Vette dropped on deuce dubs it's that coupish money
I'm talking 'bout a whole club brought me through with money money? money
Stacks tall on my wall stand about my height
Hit the club spend 20 grand in one night
The type of money that let me buy everything I like
The type of money have your bitch first class flight
Long paper shit stretch like a limousine
Groan paper keep a nigga looking super clean
Jewelry box got a mil' worth of stones in it
Can buy 5 550's with this pendant
Boss bread coming in more than I can spend
Me and Ricky Ross 'bout to pay the cost again
Baby seen the Bent' says she want to take a spin
I said the only way we fucking is if she to bring a friend.HA!

[Hook: Rick Ross]

[Hook: Slim Thug]