Ain't gon tolerate no fakin or flawin from none of you pussies
Me and my niggas is ballin so pussy nigga dont push me

For that 9 (SWAG) rip up off my side (DRE) hit a nigga in his side

Then I dip up in my ride like surprise

No hide bitch im ridin lookin for dat pussy yea nigga I know he hidin

Seekin wit dat glocc 9 come and I just find him

Man im in that glocc 9 phantom gon rewind him

Tell em like dis im da man if you come to my city

Fall inside the club throwin huneds

No fitties who fukin wit me that big bank roll

Red and blue around my neck bitch im word around da globe

Bitch im stuntin and you know g 5 got me flexin and im stuntin on you ho

24 got me lookin like a bottle of nuvo pink diamonds in this ho im

Shining and you know, S.O.D untill the day I go

[Yuki! (OO oooo !) Wat it do man? Word around town ,bitch im boomin , im boomin,im boomin, im boomin!

(OO oooo !) Wat it do man? Word around town ,bitch im boomin , im boomin,im boomin, Word around town bitch im boomin! ]

[Verse 2]
Swisher sweet crusin through my city street oppositon to

Make a whole lotta money gee

See me with my baby gee see me wit my gangsta beat see me wit my og

Ridin down op see about 03 backpack in 03 stuntin real hard now everybody know me

Everybody want me ,you dont wanna own me

Cause if you own me ,SK to your nose g

Man im ridin so deep, man my wrist is frozen

Man I swear to god she wet like the ocean ,man I swear to god im sippin on that potion

Word around town my lamborghini same colour lotion

Im boomin

Im poppin it moe

Soulja tellem got hella dollaz, got hella motherz we bout to blow

Man I swear we after motherfuckin planet

Nigga se my chain and then be like god damn him

God damn me, know my niggas got damn to hustle

Paid for the motherfuckin struggle

Rags the richest,bag and bitches

Sod we savageses (aaaaaaW hahaha!)

(OO oooo !) Wat it do man? Word around town ,bitch im boomin , im boomin,im boomin, im boomin!

(OO oooo !) Wat it do man? Word around town ,bitch im boomin , im boomin,im boomin, Word around town bitch im boomin!