You broke niggas ain't counting no paper!
These niggas ain't getting no money!
Nigga get the fuck away from round me partner
Fuck wrong with you nigga?
Dusty shoes, second hand, ho fucking ass nigga!

SQUAD!

Aye I be turnt up!

Aye I be turn up!

I hit hard like Sam Montgomery
Kick game like I'm Brad Wing
Two in the bitch like Elijah Thomas
Eat a rapper, no Jeffery Dahlmer

I'm from Riverdale
Grove Street, just to be exact
Now I'm on the map
Put my hood up
G's Up, B's Up
Aye Ho's down
M.O.B , Money over bitches
Kicking game to these pussy niggas
Don't fuck wit two things, police and snitches
Smart black man
Not real religious
I'm a stack my paper, got me feeling richer
See my dog just got locked up
Just last night we was turned up
Popping bottles on a nigga like what
Twenty-thousand in the air, pick it up
Next morning caught a plane now he locked up
God Damn God Damn my dawg that's fucked up

See what I tell a nigga man, you take gambles in life
Sometimes you don't know what the fucks gonna happen 5 hours later
3 hours later, 30 minutes later, you know, this shit be crazy nigga
You got to hold your head nigga, know what I mean?
Every bitch that look bad nigga ain't
Gonna be good for you nigga, skip a ho nigga
You know I don't even ride rims
I'm factory man, I'm a regular plane jane nigga
Get your motherfucking head hit playing though nigga

Uh, I'll put your dick in the dirt (what else?)
Make your mama cry (what else?)
Put you in that black box with a suit and tie (OK!)
Fuck with Waka Flocka the whole SouthSide they gon' ride
Three, three, three hundred-fifty thousand when I drove by Aye!
Every chance I get, shawty I just turn up
Make the wrong move, Brewster he gon' burn ya
Bullets beat your chest, slap your face, Ike Turner
They like Waka really not that hard cause all he talks is murder
I'm like "Boy I Wish you try it"
Hollow tip your diet
Turn the fucking club into a motherfuckin' riot
Every time your baby mama see a nigga she excited
Everything she wants and needs in this world I can buy it
Broke ass nigga

You don't even know how it feels to have twenty racks in your hand
That ain't no money nigga, these niggas talking about they hit licks for thirty racks
That ain't no motherfuckin' lick nigga, where I'm from nigga a hundred racks ain't no lick
For us man, we two fifty or better around here partner
We pop shit, we kick shit, we kick it, man, SQUAD! Fuck these niggas man, 2 clip extendo mod for these fuck niggas man
Wasted Gang nigga we in this bitch man, Squad