[Verse 1: Vinnie Paz]
The weight on my shoulders is like cargo
And I don't wanna know how deeply that my scars go
It's like the fetus in the womb by Leonardo
They got me feeling like Buscemi out in Fargo
As a kid I would just stare up at the stars though
And pray that eventually I'd have a God's flow
Remember riding in my father's Monte Carlo
Two months later he dead, now I'm in a fog broke
Papi, Mami, I love you, but what do you do when there's trouble
How do you process that life is a beautiful struggle?
I could end it fuckin' all without moving a muscle
And I'm too old to let the left hook loose in a scuffle
How do I deal with the designation to be ill?
As far as Marciano separation isn't real
I don't believe in the philosophy that schism kill
Cause every time I kiss my son it warm my inner chill

[Hook]
I try to stay sane in this game it ain't easy, hey
I done made my own lane, and I swear you'll believe me, hey
I live in this world full of anger and hate
And nobody is safe in this place but (?) or me
I try to stay sane it ain't easy, hey

[Verse 2: Rite Hook]
Nothings equivalent to the deep pain I was given
And what I'm giving is something for you to sit and figure
The derivative of it, even if you can love it
Most of them hate it but fuck em
You can suck my dick when it's uncovered
(?) everyone under the sun
Where it's coming from summer close to living with none
I been dealing with it, (?)
Just paint my fucking canvas with the pictures I'm hearing about
Been sinking every day of my life
It's getting older couple mil man damn that'd be nice
How many shows do I gotta fucking murder?
(?) until they can splash the industries
Like a sea of infinity of blatant trash, ha
All I can do is laugh at it
While I'm struggling with sobriety like a classic addict
Someone call the record labels and let em know
That I don't give a fuck if I make it or never blow

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Slaine]
Feel the hellfire, the heaven on ya
Think some day I'll reach my dreams but I'm never gonna
I got a screw loose, and a deuce deuce
You got some more lies. I got some new truths
When the hellfire comes and it's burning ya
You either find out that you was or (?) ya
I'm still fucked, sleeping on my friend's furniture
But I stay determined cause I know what I can turn into
They told me that I couldn't do what I did
I saw the future, I just knew as a kid
I would visualize the life that I grew up to live
When you listen to me rhyme, I tell you who the fuck is
The legend rebel, the peasant devil
The high court MC, smash anyone against me with heavy metal
My balls are big enough to break walls at every level
My music (?) kids from all towns and every ghetto
I'm an anomaly mommy, nobody's calming me or
Stopping my lyrics from spreading, I'm more like gonorrhea
Life isn't easy, is it?
When all you see is a blizzard
I'm going back to demic
I think I need a visit

[Hook]