[Verse 1: Vinnie Paz]
The right deadly, trust me
You don't want it with the left hand
The chopper always by my fucking side like it's my best man
Scared and nauseated cause he never saw a dead man
Shitting on hisself this motherfucker need a bedpan
Dare iz a dark side? Reggie Noble, Redman
Stove pipe fully automatic but the deck jam?
Taylor Rock told me it was yours and made a def jam
He ain't see a winner in forever like a meth fan?
???? tinted out maxima
The knife is sharp I stick it in his body like a catheter
Me and you is like a dumpy version shark
You shouldn't come to Philly cause it's ugly and it's dark
These dummies is my sons I send 'em to bed hungry
I pack a shotty and stack the bodies like Ted Bundy
Flesh of my flesh blood of my blood is higher than astronaut
This dummy like to laugh a lot I pop him at the traffic stop

[Chorus: the Jokerr]
Hah, hah, hah, hah, hah, hah, hahhh
(Ha, Yeah! We laughing at you!)
Bitch! We just (laughing at you)
You can hear it on the block when they ask if ya hot
Ok, Everyone together now
Nahhhhh
Hah, hah, hah, hah, hah, hah, hahhh
Look! Nigga we (laughing at you)
We ain't taking ya serious, bitch!
We just (laughing at you!)
You can say what you want, but the fact still remains
Real niggas ain't fucking with (y'all)

[Verse 2: G-Mo Skee]
The doc said I need meds for my psychosis
But I killed his ass because he refused to prescribe doses
The day Pandora's box got pried open
They ain't find shit inside but my red eyes glowing
I'm the real devil and y'all nigga's rejects
I keep dead bodies hanging from chains like a swingset
I just bought some new shoes to match your TNT vest
I press the fucking button now you extinct with the T-Rex
Me and Nelson Mandela are polar opposites
Fuck peace, fuck you and fuck the whole continent
I grab a politician by his throat, take his oxygen
And choke-slam him from the top of the Washington monument
The head of my sledgehammer is gold
I tie a motherfucker down then I shatter his skull
His gray matter splattered my clothes
And as soon as he dies I grab a jar and capture his soul, nigga!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: the Jokerr]
Yo I'm kind of intimidated
Cause G-Mo Skee and Vinnie in beast-mode it
Rap's an art form and so full of ego
I gotta deliver or Vinnie's gonna think I'm feeble
And G-Mo might have my say nigga pass repo?
I'm on the chorus already they've heard my voice now
And Magic Ninja entertainment plays to such a large crowd
I can't fuck this up! What am I gonna do!?
(Man, shut the fuck up and rip that shit)
Alright cool, nigga
Each one of my balls is bigger than Bane's deltoids
Sometimes I catch 'em sneaking off to health clubs to sell 'roids
It's getting troublesome it's like they got their own agenda
(I caught 'em hooking up with lady nutsacks on scrotum Tindr)
(what the fuck?)
The shit's embarrassing, it's frustrating, I'm over it
No matter what I do they just keep on growing and growing
To the point that they're like two mountains with snow on 'em
Sometimes I wake up to a little dutchman on top of one of 'em yodeling (what the fuck?)
It's so ridiculous they always get me into shit
And I gotta do damage control and clean up all of their messes
I wind up looking like a bitch and shit, I'm sick of it
I'm sitting here up in the studio with a predicament
My balls are all in my way I can't even reach the board to mix this shit!
(what the FUCK?!)
You know what it's like living with all that!?
The handicap sign isn't a guy in a wheelchair
It's me sitting on my ball sack! (wtf?!)
So fall back! Before authorities find you at the end of a giant trail of ball tracks
With your jaw cracked, while I'm laughing at you!

[Chorus]

[Skit:]
Why...why, Filthy Wonka? What the fuck is wrong with you? Did no one love you as a child? You just made me kill someone, I... what is wrong with this place?
Why have you created this? What happened to you?
[Filthy Wonka] Wait... let me ask you a question. Why yo ass still alive? *Gunshot*
[Remaining members] Shit!
[Filthy Wonka] Now let me answer this nigga's question for y'all
I hate every motherfucking thing
I'm mad every day
I eat my dinner mad
I kneel down in front of my bed I say mad prayers
I go to sleep mad
Nigga I have mad dreams
I count mad sheep
And when I wake up in the morning...
You guessed it
I wake up mad