Yeah!

It's like that, you know it's like that, there ain't an army that could strike back - - Nas
Hey yo, it's like that, hey yo it's like that!
Ar-my! Pharaohs

[Verse 1: Planetary]
It's the manifestation of rap greatness
I determine my life around the sound of the piano and bass hits
The basics of this hip-hop matrix
This graveyard rap, Kwest build on the day shift
I shape shift and get into shape quick cause when Paz make the call I spit grade A shit
And my label a bitch so I save up chips
Because who the fuck is gonna hold me down 'sides Crypt?
Who the fuck can control my sound? Stallone got me, Scott be makin' my vocal sounds so cocky
Who got me? Yeah my dogs most likely
If I ain't loyal to my niggas, then god strike me

[Verse 2: Demoz]
Keep striking, I'm taking your life
Take my advice, it's basically right
If money's the root of all evil then Satan is right
Break me in twice, I'm in two, that makes me aloo
That makes me a double headed rapper, now make me a booth
Next to the one I'm in now so that they can see two
Crazy motherfuckers light a fire up under these roofs
Maybe it's true I'm a rapper and maybe a truce
Between my ego and my pride can make me the truth
Maybe I do need powder to make me some juice
To go down with the first rapper that's claiming he's too...
Fucking nice, I'll fuck him with a knife, fuck his wife
Tell your bitch your husband said good night
Yeah it's like that, ain't no army that can strike back
If hip-hop is dead Demoz will bring it right back

[Hook]
It’s like that, you know it’s like that
There ain’t an army that could strike back
Hey yo, it’s like that, hey yo, it’s like that!
There ain’t an army that could strike back
Hey yo, it’s like that, hey yo, it’s like that!
Ar-my! Pharaohs!

[Verse 3: King Syze]
Raise up the white flags, man it's time to surrender
I'm on a mission for the dope with a cokehead agenda
We're stormtroopers, I burst through the craziest rain
I burst through fire walls while lazy niggas complain
Your pride came and went, and you ain't make it
It was right in front of your face, you ain't take it
Never be me, I can't live with that
Cause the youth that I got I can't give that back
I'm a general, commendable, overall dependable
Loc'd out at times but most times I'm sensible
Live for the minute the moment the older I get
When the digits rolling over, when it's over that's it

[Verse 4: Esoteric]
Ya call me Eddie Brock
Venom with machete chop, penny rock
Guzzling hustling from many blocks
You wanna battle bad, But you ain't sir Galahad
You pussies say you pack heat like Shaq's travel bag
But you ain't got no gun or paper in your luggage
The only 9Mil you have gets you fries and nuggets
We stab bucks like study Jack Sikma
With rhymes that’ll travel back in time and attack Hitler
Look at money grid trying to buy his life back
You ain’t a pharaoh dog, ring him by his life bag
Fuck around with the army get your nice packed
Cause we don’t fuck around dog, you know it’s like that

[Verse 5: Vinnie Paz]
Anybody go against me getting tortured and slain
And slaughtered then maimed
We robbin' rappers off with their chain
I'm a cannibal eatin' motherfucker start with their brain
They say that Pazienza previously thought to be sane
I fought through the pain, established a remarkable reign
Lamatta Panzienza Marcientto all in the same
We could've signed a couple deals but what they offered was lame
And that's regardless of the fact that we was awkward with fame
And I remember me and Jus Allah would spark on the train
And talk about how we was gonna leave our mark in the game
We back together and we bring it back to dark in the game
And you know that we put our motherfuckin' heart in the game
Yeah!

It's like that, you know it's like that
There ain't an army, an army that could strike back - - ] Nas
Hey yo, it's like that, hey yo it's like that!
There ain't an army that could strike back - - ] Nas
It's like that, you know it's like that
There ain't an army that could strike back - - ] Nas
Hey yo, it's like that, it's like that!
Ar-my! Pharaohs!