[Intro: Vinnnie Paz]
Yeah, one two
Heavy Metal Kings, Paz, Bill
Look

[Verse 1: Vinnie Paz]
Oh, we brolic now?
I'ma have to clap at his dreads
Only get a kick in the ass and pat on the head
How this motherfucker breadbox lacking in bread?
That's what happen when your washed up, passion is dead
Anybody can get it, anybody that ask for
Bird-chest motherfuckers, all the way to fat boys
How the fuck's son OT with no passport?
Caught too many bodies, there's way too many to transport
Had to merk his man's for it, hooked to the bait
And his blood before the beef like I'm cooking a steak
Sleeping on a OG, a rookie mistake
And there's bakin' soda everywhere, cookies and cake
See, the toaster always on me if I get in a jam
And if a enemy extend it I will spit at his hand
Understand that Elohim live off the land
Because Yahweh said the wolf would live with the lamb

[Bridge]
If I got to steal, to get over, I'm gonna do it
My kids are not gonna go hungry out here, I don't give a damn from who
I'm gonna steal and get it
I'm not gonna break in no houses, no nothin'
But if I see a nigga come down the street, or a white man, anybody come down the street
And they got twenty dollars in they hand, I'm gonna snatch it

[Verse 2: Ill Bill]
Wiggers think shit's sweet
I carry big heat
Wavy hair. chipped teeth
Up in the shit, deep
Sip Jack, gulp Henny
Young Lemmy run the jewels so my gun heavy
In the bathroom like Kleinfeld fucking Steffie
Cash rule every bustin cherry like Hendry
Listen, get your fuckin' head kicked in for thinking you gully
Spit in your hand, pussy, ice pick in your skully
Stick a machete up your ass for a laugh
Amongst the evil shamans
Speak to dragons and cast spells like Stephen Bannon
Squirling apparitions burn and crash the system
Avalanches, tarantulas and assassins with pistols
Walk through portals and the mind beyond the sky
Cause what's normal to the spider is chaos to the fly
Stay around [?]
Before you see the light, fucko, you gots to die

[Outro: Sample]
I used to go on, like on a rampage, grab five guys on the subway, take 'em all off, go back downstairs, take another guy off. [?] Here's a guy, he's makin' a phone call, yolk 'em, strip 'em, when we draggin' this guy in the middle of the night, under mice [?] pants stuck under his shoes, [?] just drag him down the block, naked.. Funniest thing