[Intro: Vinnie Paz]
Yeah, Jedi Mind
Vinnie Pazienza, the Enemy of Mankind
Servants in Heaven, Kings in Hell
Horrorcore, yeah, walk with me

[Verse 1: Vinnie Paz]
I pop a pill and zone, my voice alone'll fuckin' chill your bones
The AR-15 beam leave you still as stone
I'm workin' twenty-four-seven while you chill at home
I'm on the block with my people where the killers roam
I'm in a killer zone, where police can trap me
I'm ready to go to war with them like we Iraqi
We in the last days, only Darkness passes
No more pure air, only bloody muddy ashes
Yeah, you need to recognize the God is Seth
'Cause I was born inside of Egypt near the Gaza Strip
Don't make me cock the fifth and put the flame to em
And thug it out like the Israeli's and Iranian's
Remember when I put the pen to the pad
When I heard "Style Wars" by Lakim Shabazz
And in the lab, everything was constructed with Stoupe
And y'all know that no one fuckin' with us as a group

[Hook: Shara Worden]
When all the light goes out, where will you be?
When the darkness comes, what will you see?
(When the lights go out)
When all the light goes out, where will you be?
(When the lights go out)
When the darkness comes, what will you see?

[Verse 2: Vinnie Paz]
I'm a Cannibal Corpse, .38 snub splatter your thoughts
Peel your skin off of your body like animal cloth
I'm the reason for the Carthage in Hannibal's force
I'm the reason for the carnage in parable's lost
And I'll put the heater right where your lungs at
And none of y'all would be around if I could bring Pun back
You want the horrorcore Vinnie? He brung that
Along with the .44 militant gun rap
I break bread with the brothers I trust
Cause I know that if I'm ever in some trouble, they bust
Could never be us, we too raw for the rap now
Anybody with a tape recorder can rap now
I pull a twelve gauge shot at you, back down
And then the last thing you hear is the gat sound
From the city where they framed Mumia
We gonna break him out, run up with them flames and heaters

[Hook: Shara Worden]
When all the light goes out, where will you be?
When the darkness comes, what will you see?
(When the lights go out)
When all the light goes out, where will you be?
(When the lights go out)
When the darkness comes, what will you see?

[Verse 3: Vinnie Paz]
I carry heavy fists, I'm a biological terrorist
If you ain't been in war, then you don't know what terror is
You try to help people but do nothin' like therapists
It's basic rules to the game, cousin, you never snitch
Or you can see the type of lead that my Beretta spits
Or take you through the torture chamber and behead the bitch
Yeah, I'll put your body to the blades and choppers
And teach you about the disruptive symbol of chakras
If you believe what they tellin' you, the beast and them won
That's why I speak about survival and need for a gun
I stand for what them thugs is repping'
But they don't know the government is usin' drugs as weapons
And drug injections, was taught by the prophets before
About the cavalry of shadowy prophets of war
It's hard to grip, so I spit it at a different degrees
But the inner earth holds more water than seas

[Bridge: Shara Worden]
Who's gonna save you when all the lights go out?
It's time to reconcile, how you gonna go, how you gonna go?
When the lights go out, when the lights go out
When the lights go out, how you gonna go? Oh, oh, oh