[Intro: Hodgy]
Smoke weed, uh

[Verse 1: Hodgy]
I hate fears, I shake spears
I know pain from cuts and bruises when you lose, I-can-relate tears
I haven't seen my father for seven, going on eight, years
Thirteen in the spot you left me out like I'mma wait here
Yellow is for my mom's favorite color
White cause that's the race I kept getting in trouble by
And you ask me why my father couldn't be a man? He's a lullaby
And the song just cut at two minutes and 24 seconds
Shit, my temper's, like, two minutes from lifting this weapon
Scraping the residue off the dresser along with my necklace
Time to start my day strong, I'm fucking with breakfast
Prejudice, they hate to see a nigga rolexes
Self made, self paid, self sun, self shade, oh
I guess they wanna be like me now, but before they couldn't see how
Drunk in class off of Corona, alcohol in my Arizona
It's because my life was in a coma

[Hook: Hodgy]
I'm all alone in this world, shit, I'm all alone in this world
Am I alone in this world, am I all alone in this world?

[Verse 2: Hodgy]
I almost sliced my cop nigga, I probably would've
If I didn't knew, I was gonna be one of them top niggas
Too bad I'm genius for my own genius, stitched and seamless
From the hoop-d to the Beamers, grocery store to the creamers
Nigga non-believers for the dreamers
I is for the teamless, nigga do you know who we is?
The feces of Jesus, Mo'Nique big, the sheez-it
Before the present buisness, niggas wasn't fucking with this shit
Left Brain is my witness, who the fuck are all you bitches?
(Who me? What's your name?) What's my name?
What's your name, what's your name, baby girl what's your name?
What are you sayin', keep it playin', cause I can not comprehend
You're trying to fly with my crew to Spain, we built this shit, without a crane
And truly all I want is your fucking brain, afterwards I never see your ass again
She's like "Man, fuck you!" I don't give a fuck bitch, I can't trust you

[Hook: Hodgy]
I'm all alone in this world, shit, I'm all alone in this world
Am I alone in this world, am I all alone in this world?

[Outro: Hodgy]
Now, if you've ever been alone in your life put your hands up
If somebody's let you down, put your hands up
If you need a lending hand sometimes then put your hands up
Now reach out, I can relate