Aww, yeah. We gunna talk about this shit
What shit?
The lickety lick shit
So are you bitch made us?
Nigga, lick down on..

Motherfucking one, hold it. (Come on)
Motherfucking one, hold it

[Verse 1: Menajahtwa]
Any nigga with a tongue
Can use it to get a bitch sprung (Only if you want it)
Only if you lick with the pearl's cum
And if you're in the mood for some motion
You can work your way down with the love lotion
Just like a bitch
When you wanna lick the chalk, your lisps starts to twitch
And I'll act like I really wanna give you some
Then you can yum yum made it up lick yum yum
Got tired so your knees started to trip
So I sat on your face and fucked your lips
You like it baby cause you didn't have to move around
You ain't fucking so punk keep your head down
That's how it is see, that's how it go
You lick assholes, toes and elbows
When the chalk needs to be licked light
You know what's happening with the dude when I say..

[Hook]
Nigga, nigga, lick the chalk. Hold it, on the motherfucking one
Nigga, nigga, lick the chalk
Right there, right there, right there, awww yeah
Tell them what your name is..Menjahtwa

[Verse 2: Menajahtwa]
Ooo, eat
Menjahtwa in effect
The bootie, the tongue, he's working that neck
Going back and forth from the T to the Spice
But the bitch cha-lious casue he ate that shit twice
Now how many licks does it take to lickety lick my cha
Lick one lick two then...
Ask the foo to lick but he didn't want to go through it
Niggas talk about it but the gang, they never do it (Just like a dog)
Put a man on a leash and if it's getting tasty, have a damn defeat
Nibble my cibble, biting my bips
Milk my bone, nigga slurp that shit
Going a straight tantra, having a fit
Oh, it got good, I got shake, raddle, and kick
Squish in his face, the motherfucker didn't
(Just swallowed it. Yeah!)

[Hook]

Right there baby, right there. Don't stop
Nigga put your head back down
Tell them what your name is..jahtwa..jahtwa..jahtwa..

[Verse 3: Menajahtwa]
Step one, put his little tongue to the wound
Two, sucks my cracker, then boom
Three, make the nigga think he's getting something
Step four, he's licking on the motherfucking one
Lick me up and lick me down on Mr.Pearl's tongue
Don't get yourself sprung
Fly my shit out
Playing that role like I'm down to fuck
Flicking your dick, my rin tin tin
The cha's in your face, I'm cuming off the chin
The niggas on his knees, but he never face me
Juicy got another motherfucking cha crazy
Thinking you sticking in, you'll be lucky just to cry
Nigga full of shit, cause I ain't with 69
Life is too short, well so is your dick
There won"t be any fucking, so nigga just lick

[Hook]

Tell them what your name is..
..Menajahtwa..jahtwa..jahtwa..
..Motherfucking one, hold it..(Come on)
..Motherfucking one, hold it..(Come on)
..Motherfucking one, hold it..(Come on)
..Motherfucking one..
..Hold it..lay him in..
..Hold it..lay him in..
..Hold it..lay him in..
..Hold it..lay him in
..Hold it, lay him in, lay him in, hold it