[Intro: Michel'le]
Yo, this is the number one bitch
Where y'all know, comin' straight from the center of Compton
Radio Station B.G. K.O
2456 on your dial
Where we play all the dope shit

[Real Compton City G's]

[Hook: Eazy-E as a Radio Host]
Yo, this is Eazy-muthaphukkin-E
And you're listenin' to radio station B.G. K.O

[Verse 1: B.G. Knocc Out]
Rollin' in my hood, twistin' on them D's
Age 19 and I'm pushin' straight keys
Me and my B.G.'s, baby gangstas
Puttin' it down right because we don't allow pranksters
Girls come through, lookin' by and all fine
But I know in their mind, all they see is dollar signs
So back off, yo, I might met to a ho
Wait 'til nightfall and take her ass to the mo-mo
Blaze up some indo, sip a little 8 Ball
5 minutes later, I'm all up in them drizzos
Knockin' down them Wizzos, with my bulldozer
When I'm ready to switch I'll tell the girl to bend over
Do a little smackin', trippin' and then I'm through
Tell her yeah give me a call sometimes tomorrow around 2
It's now 2 o'clock and she hit me on the hip
But I can't call her back cause I'm tryin' to stack my grip
The trick might trip the next time that she see me
Messin' around to get her ass slapped by the B.G
I'm not a women beater but still I ain't givin'
Up a damn thing, yeah trick, that's how I'm livin

[Hook: Marlon White]
K.O. lettin' you know
That you can't live with this
That's how livin in 9-4
Yeah, let it flow
K.O. lettin' you know
That you can't live with this
That's how livin' in 9-4
Ooooohhh yeaahh

[Verse 2: B.G. Knocc Out]
Before the brother was rappin', the brother was straight robbin'
Gafflin' up my mailbox like a part time jobbin'
I did it cause that's all I knew
I dropped out the school in the 8th grade
Doin drive-bys with the 12 gauge
Livin' foul as a child back in the days
Until I find out, that the crime does not pay
At age 13 I went to juvenile hog
And on the inside they treat the brother like a dog
So being locked down really ain't the lick
They get to tell the brother once you sleep don't sniff
But forget that, I'd rather be free out in the streets
Gettin lay everyday and don't have to beat my niece
Be gatherin' to sneak with E, when and where I wanna
Hangin' with the homies drinkin' 40's on the corner
Now I'm on wax, kickin' straight gangsterism
Lettin' fools know in '94
Cause yo, that's how I'm livin'

[Hook]

[Verse 3: B.G. Knocc Out]
Now I see the small delight in just bangin'
Goin' state to state on the plane entertainin'
The world, rockin' shows, knockin' hoes, everywhere I go
Everybody knows K.O
And I said, it feels good to make it out the hood
And be some body like I had always said I would
But though I'm still starvin', no more drive-byin'
The streets get worse but still the brother keeps tryin'
To be the best I can, with no time to waste
And since I went straight, I keep the smile on my mama's face
Now I'm a father, I strap a little harder
June 19th of 93 out comes my daughter
Sometimes I get a blur and think about doin' dirt
But I checked myself, and put my focus in her
That's how I'm livin'

[Hook]

[Outro: Audience flipping radio stations]
... where ever the fuckers ...
... hipped out and stepped forward ...
(*static*)
... how I'm living..
... 94 ...
... ay, man ...
... just don't (*static*) we're entertained ...
... no shit, man ...