[Intro] (x3)
Who's kickin' ass?
Compton!
Yo Knocc Out

[Verse 1: B.G. Knocc Out]
It's 12 o'clock noon I'm out to the store
To get me some grits to eat with my french toast
Two hood rats standing by the liquor store
Trying to stare a nigga down drinking on a 4-0
One ho has the nuts to ask me where I'm from
Bitch, I'm from 165 Nutty Blocc Compton
See this type of shit makes a nigga mad
I wanted to bank this bitch but I just mob back in my path
Took a deep breath to release the steam
I started to cook my breakfast and the telephone ring
(What's up brother Dailo)
Oh you call just in time
These 2 bitches started tripping in front of the store
(Where was you at nigga, down the street from the house. You want us to handle them all?)
Hell Yeah
(I'm Out)

[Chorus x2]
Who's kickin' ass?
Compton!
Who's kickin' ass?
{Menajahtwa}
Compton!
Who's kickin' ass?
Compton!

[Verse 2: Menajahtwa]
Yo T go get your steel toe boots I'm 'bout to stomp a ho
(What's going down?)
2 Bitches tripping down at the liquor store
(Yo what the fuck for, what's this shit all about?)
Let's just roll, let's see what's up with the nigga knocc out
Which bitch wanna step first get cracked in the mouth
With the quickness of my dickness as I kick this
(Creep on that ass) what shit go to do with
(Creep on that ass) Yo BG get into it

[B.G. Knocc Out]
I cock back my strap with the dick with the click and the clack
Not to peel the bitches cap but to watch my girls back

[Menajahtwa]
You Dee you got your strap
No I forgot mine
(Don't even trip I got my strap)
The shit's On ain't no stop sign

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 3: Menajahtwa]
Oh shit the bitch tripped and it goes deeper
Pushed me on my side, damn that bitch broke my beeper
Now bitch what you wanna do
Bitch what you gonna do
(Yo T put your steel toe boot up her dushu)
I grabbed the trick bitch by her swapmeet brace
Took 2 to the face, then the ho was dazed
The other trick came behind me girl and tried to shank her
I stepped on the side, cocked by fist then to shank her
I grabbed the 4-0 bottle that the bitch dropped
When I socked her (ha!) then I dropped her
You must be a fool trying to step to this
You can go kick ass or you can get that ass kicked
Stupid bitch you better recognize the real
Cuz the coat on my muthaphuckkin' boot is steel
7 inches on that ass the trick ran fast
So I dashed, and hit the ho with a bat
Pass the strap so I can blast on this punk bitch

[B.G. Knocc Out]
A matter of facts, step back I'm tired of this dumb shit
I chase one bitch dumping on her with the nine
Scary ass rat let the homegirl behind
My girls had her on her knees pleading and crying
I put the strap on her dome and blew the bitch mind