[Intro: Steffon]
Yeah
Where ya at
1994
Givin' you much mo'
Menajahtwa's in this
Don't like no other
Another smack ???

[Verse 1: Royal T]
Now if you wanna get slapped then step up
Stand back and wussup and uh
I know you can't cope and uh
You know that it's dope and uh
It ain't nothin' but Menajahtwa, so uh
I need someone to come and work the Cha
Royal T loc, comin' from the C-P-T fool
And that's just how it be, loc
Kickin' it off and come on down with Rhythm D so
If you wanna keep it goin' here we go, oh here we go

Keep it hangin'(Right!), where it's at, RUTHLESS!
Then put the chump on his back
Keep it hangin'(Right!), where it's at, RUTHLESS!
Go a head and show'em where it's at

I hit you with the flip and I flop
With my tick you get Glocked, fool
And with the tock Menajatwa can't be stopped, fool
So recognize game when the Twa's in the place, punk
Yo, Rhythm D let the bass bump

[Hook]
Do you wanna flow? No I don't think so
So you gon' floss, hell nah cause it's Menahjatwa
Do you wanna flow? No I don't think so
So you gon' floss, hell nah cause it's Menahjatwa

[Verse 2: Spice]
Well it's the Spice takin a dash for that ass so you can bump this
But now you know you can't fade it cuz it's funky
It's 94 and you know I'm down with Mr. Trojan, oh Mr. Trojan
It's the nutty but nasty girls fuckin' it up for 5 minutes
I get so weak because I'm nothin' without my spinach
Not even your dopest gangsta can get with this (Right)
It's a must I tell you fools what's up

[Rhythm D]
Knockin'em out the box with the skills that be funky
Kinda chunky, so don't step up and be comin' like a punk, see
Ruthless will make you toothless, end up useless
Menajatwa tell them stupid fools why we do this

Cuz it's a Ruthless thang, But everybody wanna be down can't hang
You know
It's a Ruthless thang, But everybody wanna be down can't hang

[Hook]

La la la la la la (x4)

[Verse 3: Royal T and Spice]
How many times must I kick some hard stuff?
To keep you off the strap cause you keep on callin' bluffs
Because it's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder
If you dropped the pen and pad cause you keep on fallin' under
I got it like this, I got it like that
I won't be caught slippin' cause I'm steppin' with my gat
As I Fly Like an Eagle to the sky
Now do you wanna get high?
Now let me get to this, it's dope to all edges
Blow smoke to your senses like Benson and Hedges
I'm feeling like flex cause it's time to have sex
I don't give a damn cause [?]
Kris Kross make you "Jump", Double Oh C make you "Stay"
But Menajahtwa had to do it three the hard way
To all those fools who be trippin and don't know why the girls always packed?
Beause we got it like that

Do you wanna flow? No I don't think so
So you gon' floss, hell nah cause it's Menahjatwa
Do you wanna flow? No I don't think so
So you gon' floss, hell nah cause it's Menahjatwa