[Intro: André 3000 + George Clinton]
Everybody's got opinions
On the way you're living, oooh
But, see, they can't fill your shoes
Life is made of half illusion, evolution
Forty percent confusion, oooh
Whatever's left I'm using to keep myself from losing, yeah
You don't know what I've been through, oooh
Hell, I might go through you
Ghetto boy that won't eat tonight
Uh-oh, oh-no-oahohh
That little boy just wanna eat tonight, hey, hey, hey, hey
He scuffles with her booty and her face
And mm-mmmmmm
Mom I'm seekin that Sir Tea and some soup, yeah
All in all, it's all in my head

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
You know it's that high guy, from East P.I
Spittin the realness of reality, you mad at me
Boi how you gonna handle me?
You want me to lolligag and talk that bullshit?
I refuse to play so I'm gon' speak that Southern good shit
That harder than yo' hood shit, lil' shit
That make y'all niggas think about the trigger
Before you pull it, on liquor stores and banks
Them folks got more than enough bullets to put that ass
Off in the slang, don't claim no gang, we the niggas
That did that "Ain't No Thang But a Chicken Wang"
But still though, how you gonna play a nigga like dildo
We OutKast til it's over, barbecue and never mildew
For real bro

[Interlude]
"In tonight's news, 20th century technology:
Has the computer age, scientists, and doctors gone too far?
Einstein or Frankenstein?
Dr. Scholl's, or Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Are we digging into new ground
Or digging our own graves? Story at 11"

[Verse 2: George Clinton]
Valley girls are horny tonight (synthesizer)
Fuzzy logic, their pubic virginity (synthesizer)
Ooooh oooh ooh .. (synthesizer)
Ooooh oooh ooh .. (synthesizer)
Conceived under the influence of toxic wasted doctors
Computer buggin debuggin devices and vice versa
And various viruses
Performing with laser light precision and verbal incision
For a lingustic ballistic lobotomy
Mind-fuckin you, a psycho-sodomy
Of the medula oblongata
Exit your mind down your spine and out your behind
Fuck you

[Verse 3: André 3000]
Synthesizer, microwave me
Give me a drug so I can make seven babies
Pump my breasts up, can you suck the fat up
Please make my life appear
Like ain't no such thing as bad luck
My nose ain't right, think I need a new one
Just take your pick, a yellow, red, a black, or a blue one
Virtual reality? Virtual bullshit!
Synthesizer preachers can reach you up in the pulpit
Who a bitch?
Give me my gat so I can smoke this nigga
Tell his mamma not to cry
Because they can clone him quicker
Than it took his daddy to make him
Niggas bitin verbatim
Thought provokin' records radio never played dem
Instant, quick grits, new, improved
Hurry hurry, rush rush, world on the move
Marijuana illegal but cigarettes cool
I might LOOK kinda funny but I ain't no fool
Now if you wanna synthesize I emp-athize
Now if you wanna synthesize I emp-athize
But if you synthesize I will understand
You'll synthesize a man

[Verse 4: George Clinton]
Ghetto boy horny tonight
SCSI with a booty in a cage
Problem sinkin down and stretchin out
So sleepy, playing safe in cyberspace (synthesizer)
Cybersexy Wendy web walking in the nude (synthesizer)
Digital good time, digital good time
Said she'd lapdance on your laptop
While your laptop's in your lap
Digital good time, digital good time
Cybersexy Wendy web walkin in the nude
Digital good time, digital good time
Said she'd lapdance on your laptop
While your laptop's in your lap
Digital good time, digital good time
Digital good time, digital good time
Cybersexy Wendy web walkin in the nude
Digital good time, digital good time
Digital good time, digital good time
Fuzzy logic, it's groovy..

[Skit: Big Boi + Uncredited]
Wassup, man?
Wassup player, wassup, wassup? What'chu need? What'chu need?
Shit, trying to smoke good like you
Shit, I ain't smoking good, I'm just out here trying to pay these bills, my nigga
What it look like for the Oskie-Wowskie?
Shit, for you? Cause you my nigga, shit, 65
65?
Yup, yeah
You don' charged me 50 the other day
It's some of that goddamn LA, some of that west coast
So it must've had a fifteen-dollar plane ticket added on to the motherfucker
Aye, shit, aye, I don't put the tag on it, my nigga, I just sell to you just the way I get it, know what I'm saying?
Still the seeds and everything, huh?
Shit, you know how it go, playa
Well, I'mma tell it like this, I can't even smoke like that so you can go on and keep that
Shit, I holla at you later then
I'll holler at you to then, don't holly at me no more
Shit, holla at you
Bye, nigga
Yo