John Cena and Roman Reigns are standing in the ring with microphones.

John Cena: I wanna say thank you for what you did last week. I was in a pretty bad way and you bailed me out. So thanks for that. And uh...cute little stunt at the end of the Raw. I saw...your message was loud and clear, you are not to be ignored.

And this Sunday, it is every man for himself, and I understand that. But Roman, we have to make it to Sunday. And I understand you don't trust anybody but you have been screwed over by The Authority. And hell The Authority, they ain't said to m-

Roman Reigns: Get to the damn point, John.

John Cena: ....say what?

Roman Reigns: You heard me...

John Cena: Alright all I'm saying is this. We should handle The Authority tonight, and if you want, we get Kane and Orton out of the way 6 days at Battleground and well....we see if you're as good as you think you are.


Roman Reigns: I think you're right. We should get rid of Orton, and Kane. And then it's just me and you, John. And maybe we're gonna see if you're really as good as you think YOU are.


John Cena:  You know I see that look in your eye-

Dean Ambrose appears on the titantron, interrupting John Cena.

Dean Ambrose: Guys, guys, guys. Alright I understand the whole testosterone-driven competitiveness that's going on right now. But enough of this whole "prettiest girl at the dance" argument routine you got going on, okay? Cause' we ain't dancin' tonight boys. We're fightin'. We got a 6-man tag against Kane, Randy Orton, and Triple H's little bag boy, Seth Rollins.

Now The Authority always has a plan, but tonight I got a plan of my own that's called "Operation SCREW The Authority." And it starts when you two stop arguing. We get together, and we kick their asses!

Kane steps into the camera view behind Dean, and then Seth Rollins step into view. Ambrose looks at them both and begins hitting them. Randy Orton comes into view and they all beat down Ambrose, leaving him a crumpled mess on the ground by the end of it.