He is the very model of a warring warrior scientist
He’s mutated things from vegetable, animal to cyclist

We want those little turtles to crush them with our iron fist
From Brooklyn to the Bowery he’ll grind them into nothing mist

As a boss he is extremely caring and at times quite passionate
Yet all they do is treat him as their classic villain antagonist
Our evil friends here today he has some exciting news

Exciting news!

Was thirteen years ago today he made those turtles with the ooze!

Was thirteen years ago today he made those turtles with the ooze
Was thirteen years ago today he made those turtles with the ooze!

At the Battle Nexus, Draxum found himself the perfect human fighter
He was the greatest champion, his abs, there were no tighter

Mutating him was going to be nothing short of masterful
With warriors made from him, the baron would be oh so powerful!

Mutating him was going to be nothing short of masterful
With warriors made from him, the baron would be oh so powerful!

The turtles’ rejection of him is nothing short of blasphemous!
In several social circles he is viewed as simply... fabulous

(Fine, I guess I’ll give them what they want)

After I gave them life, my lab was set on fire and destroyed by a cheesy action hero who’s movies I don’t enjoy

So I presumed them lost and therefore, I had all but given up only to discover weeks ago that they in fact, had not burned up

Now that you know their origins it’s time for us to make our plan
And yes, we’ll need the skills of everyone including anchor man

And yes, we’ll need the skills of everyone including anchor man!

Now, my friends the time is here we mutants come together for our stand
Let’s put a close on our first meeting of our merry little band

So join me in ending them, our greatest foes, for I insist
I am the very model of a warring warrior scientist!

So join him in ending them, our greatest foes, for he insists
He is the very model of warring warrior scientist!

(Now, for some unnecessary but highly destructive violence. My Evil League of Mutants!)