[Verse 1: Slug]
And he wonders why he can't climb out of depression
He wonders why his alphabet starts with agression
When the parts don't fit it makes the heartbeat skip
Sometimes it's just easier to start some shit
He wants to vanish, he's sick of understanding the language
Feels like the only one with issues
Everything's misused: the lies, the truth
Instead of criticizing he'd rather go nuts and rip their lips loose
One shot, three beers deep
Wishing he could just go home and try to get some sleep
(But he fights it)
If only he could still get excited by the females that frequent this place
I think he'd wear a different face
Tearing at the frames, hold it all together
Gotta be the sponge that soaks up the pressure
Spoking like a cloak from a name
I don't remember the source
So I guess it's not important, whatever
The shepherd must've got laid off
The flock is way off, the cock won't stay soft
Maybe he could pay off his thoughts and ask 'em not to stray off
Stop there's one (?) baby wanna take off
(?) hers and his
Working out the answers to the universal quizz
And afterwards, he'll stare at the cigarette smoke
Try his best to focus on the moment (Wake up)
She awakens early, she's a school teacher
New to the profession, still a fine tuner tweaker
Smokes too much (?), makes it hard to ride
Plus lately she's being staying out late making out with guys
Sitting in the classroom, smiling at her children
But you can't disguise the pain in her eyes
A mix between confusion and guilt
Knocking over every structure that she's built

[Verse 2: Jade]
Altough I'm just a feather, I never in all my (?) years
Sing so much (?) , so many tears, sip so many beers
And have a mind that's quick to release what it fears
There's a stranger in my house just like it isn't (?)
So I'm supposed to (?), hope I don't crash
With me being me and who I am makes me laugh way past the aftermath
Damn ! And knowledge is the key
You should have to break the lock (?)
But I'd rather have my mind blocked and my blood clocked
Bend over, pick up the ratel to see a child smile
Now the (?) is happy cause he has (?) little eyes
Everytime that I speak I hope to reach the young


And I think his name was...

[Verse 3: Slug]
Well he knows his name cause he found it on a piece of paper
That she left in plain view on a dashboard
And for the sake of conveniance, there also was a number and a adress
That whore thinks he's her ex
As he package the key that she didn't know he kept
Gonna walk on steps and knock on the door
And deliver what confusion begs for

[Hook] [x4]
And he wonders why he can't climb out of depression
He wonders why his alphabet strats with agression
When the parts don't fit it makes the heartbeat skip
Sometimes it's just easier to start some shit

[Outro]
Teach the children to take their pills
Cause depression kills
You better teach children to take their pills
Cause depression kills
You gotta teach children to take their pills
Cause depression kills
You better teach children to take their pills
Cause depression kills