[Illogic]
Hey Dad
[Slug]
Yeah what's up
[Illogic]
Take a seat, we need to speak about your actions as of late
It seems you've lost yourself
And I now wanna search for fate
There's no debate
How can you equate happiness to making ripples in that lake of flames you create
Every time you search your mind you find ways to down my matriarch
Full of yourself just because you're the patriarch?
I'm making art, and you're making a mess
Of the time this family has left in the flesh

[Slug]
Whoa, hold up, now let's wait a minute, son
From where is this coming from?
What are you saying? Are you attacking my behavior?
What's done is done, and I've done what is what
I'm not trying to get defensive but I don't understand the question
[Illogic]
Well you're posing as a man of care and love
Held for years, now I feel the tears that pierce my heart
As spears from my mom's eyes catapulted my anger as taunted time flies
But time is iniquitous, it'll fall soon enough
Hopefully before that you'll wake up
And break from the mental makeup, handcuffs
This is no bluff, no game, I'm not playing
See the straight face?
[Slug]
Yeah I can read the straight face
[Illogic]
Then I hope this makes you see how blame tastes

[Slug]
Well wait, wait, let me get this straight
The child that I've created is debating the food I've got on my plate?
Have you had the chance to taste the seasoning sprinkled about my thinking
And reasoning for how I keep on keeping on?
[Illogic]
How you what? Keep on looking outside Mom for pleasure?
How you keep on behind life's beat by one measure?
Not caring that you're walking down a path of endless laughs
Glad to be in last place, encased in the lower moral class?
I don't see how you can be content
To be part of family history as an unsympathetic low-life of strife fueling you
[Slug]
I'm not hearing you: you're a man, I'm a man
Go find yourself a woman and a piece of land
Leave me to stand

"You feel like a man? Huh? Maybe you could stop hating me to bring your mother back? Maybe we can start being father and son again now, huh?"
"You ain't my father."

[Illogic]
Yeah I'll leave you, but not to stand, cause you're conceited
Thinking the planet revolves around your way of thinking
Sinking into the quicksand of drinking and fornicating
It's so amazing how many you love gets a plays in

[Slug]
Is that what this is about?
Yo, I love your mom, and I'll love her till the day the universe breaks
And the earthquakes take away all the birthdays
On top of that, I've broken my back and succeeded
And given my people everything my people needed
In fact, the only thing to suffer from my selfishness was myself
And my own mental health
My bones, my heart, my pride, and my right to find my truth
And the mistakes I didn't get to make as a youth
[Illogic]
Yeah, you must be makin' up for the mistakes now
Cause you're making a whole hell of a lot of them
Your pride needs to be swallowed down
To the pits of digestion
I'm guessing on my little brothers you don't want to leave a good impression
So I'm stressin' that I take responsibility for my actions
And don't run from 'em
How can someone not respect a human prospect that comes from 'em

[Slug]
This is not a form of disrespect: it is what it is
I'm just trying to find the shadows that my travels happened to miss
I'll tell you what, when you've seen and smelled the scents I've been dealt
When you wear the pants and the belt
And when you finally find the patterns to yourself
Maybe then and only then maybe then you can pretend to help
[Illogic]
But see, I've found my self-worth
I'm trying to help you find yours
I've trudged through this garden's marksman
And knee-high apple-cores parallel my face to the floor, day after day
Until I made up in my mind that I was going to have to find my way
I'm trying to say that I've been through a lot
Maybe not as much as you
But I probably didn't take as much for me to wake up
True indeed, you're my father, but fathers also need counsel
So take criticism, listen before givin', and swallow that mouthful

[Slug]
Well the poison doesn't flow that far from the flower
You've got your own thorns to regret and be proud of
I understand your questions, your skepticism and anger
But sometimes there's no right or wrong answer
[Illogic]
Well of course not!
Cause in this life, change is the only constant
I'm just trying to understand why you baby yourself in nonsense
[Slug]
Check the content
You're a man, and I'm a man
Go find a woman and a piece of land
Leave me to stand