[Voice messages from upset girlfriends]
Hey you fucking asshole
Hi Sean, I just got finished cleaning some vomit out of my car
Sean, I'm so fucking pissed at you I could rip your goddamn arms off and beat you
Anyways, I don't care, I don't wanna fucking talk to you
I don't wanna talk to you anymore
I don't know what your deal's been lately, but I called you like 15 times
And you just take and take
And you just fuck everyone over in the end anyways
Okay and number 2, being fucked up
Is not an excuse to piss in the goddamn fish tank
I'm sick of your bullshit. I'm sick of you acting like you can just fuckin..
Leave a trail of destruction and shit
Everytime I'm around you and I'm fucking tired of it
It's just not cool, my roommates told me
What the fuck you did after you got stupid drunk as usual
I don't ever want you in my fucking house
In my fucking car, anywhere near me
It's fucking over, I don't want to talk to you anymore
I don't want to think about you anymore, I don't ever want to see you again
Do you even care? You can never ever come into my house again
Fuck me? Fuck you. Rot in fucking hell
Fuck you, go fuck yourself
You should care, if you give a fuck at all, which I really doubt, you'll call me
Hear me out, don't come fucking crying to me when your world falls apart and
You have nowhere to turn, alright? Have a good day

...Already? Already? Already? What'd you call 'em?

[Slug]
I can't imagine some of the things that you've seen
City to city with no spot to sleep
I know she will run with opposable thumbs
She's trying to overcome the laws of the land
Coast to coast, who knows the most?
Age before beauty, sleep before scrutiny
Who could it be now? Here she comes
With an eve of her tongue and the games that she runs
Little girl dolls never get lost, pay the cost, embrace the flaws
Let her get tossed in the back of a mid-size
Trying to look at life through those kid's eyes
"Jackpot", that's in quotes
Sometimes you gotta let go if you wanna get votes
But fuck the votes, I spit towards the clouds
A bullet in your head sits still allowed
I used to pretend that I gave a fuck
Now a do give a fuck, a little too much
Let's see what you got, Naomi
Act like you're from Missouri, show me little homey