[Intro]
In the evening by the moonlight
You can hear those voices singing
(In the evening by the moonlight.)

[Verse 1: Sept Sev Sev Two]
Now it's time for the Dyno to apply the primer. We made your mind warp, what are you flippin' rhymes for?
I climbed yours tryin' to find a brain sleepin' in the shade. Your precision's an ?, skip that page kid, your shit's delayed
I hit the stage with this mad facin' and I'm used to it It balances the lovely juice I get. I refuse to let it
Bruise the Sep Sev. I bet heads get rep, when these Dyno guys finalize the outline. It's about time
And about face and about that shit you spew. Ridicule is all it's given you. You mean them little shoes really fit on you?
I'm returnin' it, with tourniquets, for those who didn't earn they shit. I know you, you's a prick. You should learn to
Quit fuckin' with my passion. I'm not askin, I'm statin'. Blastin' fake men even make galaxies shake
Now that we've taken control of your city, fixing broken pieces. Chokin' the weak shit, leavin' kids holdin' they thesis
Soul is released with the force like none other can. It's the sun hoverin' above the mic, havin' fun smotherin'
The sinners you left shittin' on your minty fresh breath. I enter, penetrate like a splinter. Winter brings death

[Hook: Mr Gene Poole] [x4]
In the moonlight's when we strike, under the stars, gettin' ours in the breeze every night

[Verse 2: Pat Juba]
Winter is the reason for my cold outlook. Freezin' in command, rigidly sun shook on
This, major inter-react phase pass of the hindered fashion, broke glass and slapped backs when
Niggas is cold-blooded like fascists. Sellin' your soul like Marseilles is to demons who max lavish
Average soldiers to suit up in Columbia, North face predict go to the bubble ooze warmin' ya
Makin' ya feel like Summers in Sudan, So long Hemetic Man, Trapped in cold land glaciers
Solid to effect the Melanin, Racist activities with linear-thinking masons
Givin' me dreams of ice. Life's inside of me slashin', words bit the shatters of fractions
I rock the headly Hanson, black markers supportin' a sportin' forclin' gavilin policies of
Barterin' jugglin' charterin' ice coffins, starvin' winter region bleedin' towards the margin
Who really cares? This negative mantra of winter solcstice, little drama and force imposin'

[Hook: Sep Sev Sev Two] [x4]
In the moonlight's when we strike, under the stars, gettin' ours in the breeze every night

[Verse 3: General Woundwart]
I bury bodies in the tundra and puncture your lung cartilage because I hate the way you market shit
My talkin' is the unproductive, that bullshit track is rubbish, your wack ass tape, I over-dubbed it
Elusive, You think you do shit but you don't do shit, cause two kids that told you that they bought your new shit
Them little bitches got you gassed up, you pick the mask up, cause Halloween is declined. It's winter time
Many frost bit hands and toes. I land blows to the thorax, Beatin' you with the mic until the cord snaps
I'm all for the jackin' of a sucka' lackin', so it's the scoop, call copyrights and get him sued for his loop
I stoop to levels, wait for the commotion to settle, then sneak up and start laying bodies out in the meadow
The Gen Woundwart ready to import bombs within ya secta', The mic carresor, what pulled the lever?
Sever denyin', take over zones like Stalin. My armies watchin', so I suggest you use caution
There ain't no darts, I hit the bulls-eye with perfection, and I can add it to the Spectrum Collection

[Hook: Pat Juba] [x4]
In the moonlight's when we strike, under the stars, gettin' ours in the breeze every night

[Scratches]
In the evening by the moonlight
You can hear those voices singing
(In the evening by the moonlight.)

[Outro]
Moonlight (x14)