This is
And this is
And this is
How the
And this is
And this is
And this-s-is
And this is
How-the-story-goes

Sometimes I focus vision on the floater
But rarely will I do it when I'm sober (you're always drunk)
I like how her hair hold her shoulders (she's cute)
And maybe if I stare, She'll come closer. (come here)
If I work my words right she'll stay over. (girl what's your name?)
Spend the night and tightly I will hold her. (give her a squeeze)
Love is like a game of draw poker. (you always cheat)
And me? I'm sitting on a hand full of jokers
I heard she used to mess with Andy Broker
But now he acts like he don't even know her
Go to hell, yeah that's what he told her
Squished her self esteem in between his molars
Now she wanna take a bath with the toaster (don't do that)
That experience makes the soul older (uh oh)
I wish she would chill and take it slower (slow down)
And try to climb off of this roller-coaster
Girl, let me use my key to start your motor
I'm good energy powered by solar
You be the water and I'll be the boulder
You want a fresh style, let me show ya

He used to play for the San Diego chargers
Time passes and the alcohol gets harder
Day dreaming wishing that he was a farmer
Passin' out on the couch in front of Bob Barker
She knew that he would never try to harm her
She used his money to open a beauty parlour
Her math skills got a little sharper
And his beer gut got a lot larger
He used to be a strong self-starter
Confident, in his own mind of marter
But gone are the days of Jimmy carter
And now all he does is sit around and sniff markers
This month her hairs a little darker
While his keeps creeping back a little farther
And as she reads the editorial in harpers
He's thinking about what he lost in the barter
Seems to have misplaced his weaponry and armor
Feels like a fish out of water, drowning in the tarter
Man, life is like trying to light a sparkler
He'd move away from this city, if he were smarter

My numbers universal, but My names Irish
And I'm a donor according to my drivers license
I would settle for the title of co-pilot
Cause I'm just tryna hold it all together like a hyphen!
Could you point me to the closest fire hydrant?
There's a growing inferno behind my eyelids
Its not even like I'm attempting to hide it
Instead, I'm just standing here trying to cover my privates
The water feels good you should dive in
Swim around and ignore the danger sirens!
Come and join my (?) of pirates
While we (?) into the artery of silence
You can live with us, on a hidden Island!
We'll eat and live off of berries and bison
And on the weekends we'll take the kids to the drive-in
So we can teach them all about sex and violence!
You lack the minerals, the vitamins, as well as proper guidance
The magazines lie and the gasoline's been siphoned
Who here's in charge or the hiring and firing?
All of us not know I haven't died yet
And I still pass my time writing rhymes
I still pass my time writing rhymes