[Intro]
This song is just for fun, so have fun with it
(Yeah, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun)

[Chorus]
Do you still love me like you used to?
Can you call me "boo" like you used to?
Can you tie my shoes like you used to?
Can you buy my food like you used to?
Times change, but I didn't really
Don't look for better days, man that shit is silly
My momma told me that's it's grind time
But why grind when I could take my time?
I'd rather be up in the crib playing Xbox
Banging Three Six 'stead of working at a sweatshop
We had a baby out of wedlock
I'm just wondering do you still love me?

[Verse 1]
I heard you got a new friend
Well, I just keyed his new Benz
I'm jealous that it's him that you're choosing
She cut me short, I got the loose end
Everyday I'm in the mirror, I know I'm not ugly
I don't know why she don't love me
She want a nigga with some money
Oh shit, her boyfriend walking this way, what he want from me?

[Verse 2]
Nigga, I thought I told you to stay out the yard
And what the (oh my fucking God) did you just do to my car?
Freaks come out at night, you're the only one under the stars
And I find it mighty bizarre, like that fat tub of lard from D12
How do you like my new car? This shit's a fucking V12
Windows roll up by theirselves
Have you ever seen automatic seat belts?
I'm checking my fucking email, give me a second
(Do you still love me?)

[Verse 3]
I wreck it and take the spotlight straight from a heckler
And when I say it, relay it, better not make a messenger
I'll be drinking Ayahuasca with native Mexicans in Temecula
While you crying to your baby momma 'bout why she's not next to ya
Just get in the fucking car
I'm driving you to your house
You not coming back to this house
If you come right back to this house
I'ma punch you right in your mouth
Turn your lights off then knock 'em out
Sock 'em, bop 'em
I drop 'em out of high school like you're dropping out
Flip phone keep on flopping out
Your only option is getting out of this car and walking out
Back to your momma's crib, don't you look around
I'll beep the horn and make sure you got inside safe and sound
See you later alligator, after while crocodile
She ain't gotta be with you because she had your fucking child
You're a menace to society
(Do you still love me?)

[Verse 4]
I'm at my momma's house, I'm all alone in my room
I wish my baby momma call my phone, maybe soon
It's often that I think about her and my baby girl
Off with another nigga in this crazy world

[Chorus]
'Cause she don't love me like she used to
She don't call me "boo" like she used to
She don't tie my shoes like she used to
She don't buy my food like she used to
'Cause them times changed, but I didn't really
Don't look for better days, man that shit is silly
My momma told me that's it's grind time
But why grind when I could take my time?
I'd rather be up in the crib playing Xbox
Banging Three Six 'stead of working at a sweatshop
We had a baby out of wedlock
And I know she don't love me no more
Probably 'cause I ain't shit