[Hook: Left Brain]
FIFAFOFUM! Nigga I ain't playing with ya! (x8)

[Verse 1: Hodgy Beats]
Nigga I ain't playin with ya, FIFAFOFUM
No I ain't no law giving, police ain't no fun
I give it right back to you when it's fleece I lease and Hogan
Cause this world crazy, in this crazy world I bang a piece like drum
I bang the East, West, Midwest, South and North bitch I'm worldwide
Hit it with a new wave, it's the new school, new day paying terse tides
Getting krit like Rulay, hooray, throwing money today, never knowing when I'm gonna die
Fuck, I buy my Kool-aid, two shade, you'd hate, Dude, Hey! Where's my car?
Cause I'm all about my fucking drive
A little nigga in the back, bobbing his head, telling me to drive fast
I look back and see the kid playing with his die cast
We going to the store to get a plane with your fly ass
Then the Philippines so we can go and see the Triads
I really live the dream, you're getting gastric bypass
My niggas on the scene, pulling bitches by the eyelash
And they got a lot of questions, but why ask?
I do it better three times, you niggas tra-ash

[Hook: Left Brain]

[Verse 2: Hodgy Beats]
The only reason I'm here is to speak with my voice
All these freakaleaks and cheateries want a say but have no choice
So I choose which lane to speed, double-auto means Rolls Royce
A nigga rough riding, your bluff is dying
I'm up so much nigga fuck a horizon
Moon's in the skies meet the mountains and the lions
I'm the beast in the woods, you're chasing him down to find him
Can't find him? Little nigga he coming up right behind you
I'm a Suwoop diamond, one in a million, I'm shining
Call me your highness, throw flows like a 'holic
My fingers all down my throat and let you fucks face vomit
And since you niggas garbage, I'm taxing so pay homage
And if you niggas don't then my action is way Bronson
Either we beat them up or we A-Town stomp them
"Look nigga, don't heat them up!" "Ain't no other fucking option."
"These niggas'll sweeten up!" "Icing on Cinnabon boxes."
"Now they want to treat me up!" "No problem nigga we Marshals."
I got this: all you niggas bitches and you're topless
I drink Scottish whiskey with a bitch until it's awkward
You ain't got to say you hear me, I know it because you jock it
For the money in my wallet, my niggas spit it hot pockets

[Hook: Left Brain]