Verse one -
Hodgy Beats, OF, yes

I bet you I could make you smile
If you would sit with me for a while
And I lay down my plan like I'm working with tile, Remember I'm a grown man, say goodbye to the child
Girl, am I sweet enough?
Do I make your heart beat, can I speed it up?
If you want a gangsta, Am I G enough?
We can start a fire baby girl, heat it up
And I'll put it out for ya, You-ooh-why, can't play because I-A-Dore you (yeah)
Take you to the bed and snore ya haha, I'm not gonna judge you because I'm more of a lawyer
She got me like goddamn, on the elevation high, going to the top man
Take my shirt off if you standing on hot sand. Ya boy told me not to leave ya, and I'm not fam

Hook -
I don't know, how you do it, do it, do it
(I want you to find out, girl I want you to find out.)
Your sexy smile, got me going through it, through it, through it
(And why is that? heh why is that?)
You are apart of me, and you don't even know it, know it, know it
(Hmm? I don't even know it?)
But tonight, if you come with me, I Promise I will show it, show it, show it
(Uh, Hodgy Beats.)
Show you my life

Verse two -
She told me I'm a handful, Not letting me know what she know that her man pulls
I give a ride on my bike grip of handles, and late night back at home burning candles
I only wanna show you, I can romance, take you out on a date, we can slow dance
Flights out to U.S., where to go France? If I can get a chance, you won't call the ambulance
You'll have no pain, you'll be happy. I'm looking at you, looking right back at me
She's my lotion, if my elbows ashy haha. Not even Ashley can have me, because she can't do what you do
Maybe, that's the reason why I'm stuck on you
Baby boo, what I have for you is true, Now your days are yellow when they used to be blue
Holla

Hook -
I don't know, how you do it, do it, do it
Your sexy smile, got me going through it, through it, through it
You are apart of me, and you don't even know it, know it, know it
But tonight, if you come with me, I promise I will show it, show it, show it
Show you my life
You're everything I want in a man, I just wish I could hold your hand, and maybe you'd understand me
(I would hold your hand so I could understand you better)
Look into my eyes, let me see your my mind and why, you control me
(I could show you through all the bad weather)
My words are jumbled around, I stumble integrity's crumbling down, so just hold me
(I told you that I want us to be together)
Baby, give me a chance, and live in the romance, and then I will show you
(Show me what?)
Show you my life

Hahahaha