[Intro:]
Left Brain on the beat, nigga!
That's the word, fuck that, fuck that, fuck that! Mellowhype!

[Verse 1:]
Sellout, selling out on all these shows
Also I stitch them Golf Wang clothes
Did it without selling our souls, bitch we (Sellout!)
At the end of a night a nice stack in our dough
We ain't doing it for these hoes
We did it for what the fuck who knows
Nigga, we sell out! I'm living life
You niggas broke, I'm rolling up
Weed. You don't smoke, this shit is for real
This the life we choose, I ain't no sellout!
Been on Rolls Royce still on Oakwood Hodgy Beats up to no good
Push in that grain like I know that wood

[Hook]
It's a sellout, 100, 400, 2000, we 'bout it
Sellout, 100, 200, 3000, we 'bout it nigga!

[Verse 2:]
I'm on the edge like a coastguard, coast to coast I go hard
Send you bitch niggas a postcard
My nigga, I try to fuck with everybody
What's significant about it
You can't fuck with anybody, nigga
If there's beef, I roast-beef
Got it stuck between my gold teeth
It's how to make move, She choose me!
Cus' I'm the one! Still partying when, The party is over
Hardly sober, always Working
Call this service tip my motherfucking chauffeur
Look at these niggas biting our culture
Hunting our style like vultures cool kids and
Packing impulsively I've been here, It's nothing you whore I'm about to do it again
You know I do it to win
While we choosing the smoke you niggas blowing away in shrooms
Kicking it, I’m tripping balls and kicking it with these bitch and dogs
Missing calls, business calls, I’m coming down, my dick getting soft
I’m headed to the shop, who’s that Sarah and Cedric
I’m reppin the wrecking the crew but it’s up to you, cash or credit

[Hook]

[Bridge)
Selling all this merch all across the earth
People of Odd Future, gotta get a shirt
You break, you buy
One shirt for 25.99
You just look no try
Selling all this merch all over the earth
People of that Wolfgang, gotta cop a shirt
Wolfgangnam style
Mass producing trash from pollution, refusing wackness and bullshit
For the ones in the back of that classroom being the nuisance
Mass producing trash from pollution, refusing wackness and bullshit
For the ones in the back of that classroom being the nuisance

[Verse 3:]
You ain’t on my level dawg
I push reverse and pedal dawg
You climbed up once, fell hella hard, my nigga (haha)
Round the globe, preforming hella shows
You ain't around the globe, you ain’t got talent ho
Can’t catch a phrase or balance quotes, you gone be done!
Finished diminished and plenished
I’m replenished in premised
About things that I utter and st st stutter, completing the sentences
Hodgy Beats, I make you lovers hate me
I’m t-bagging the bad one and we don’t even make tea

[Hook]