[Verse1:Hodgy Beats]

When you're young you never think about, how time flies
Then you hit 35, and you've lived 9 lives
To all the poets, fluid mo wets over flow ets
Life's right, so go left. But Brain left and go deaf
I make steps and take moves, I take steps and make moves
A nigga keep his day queued, so there are no day feuds
What about a Honda? In my world the strings are prelude
I watch like after death on this motherfucking day view
Lucifer and Jesus. The Black Swan and Grey Goose
And scriptures are a break loose, but one day you must face truth
Starting the engine, beginning the endless vengeance
Within time, two war sides can taste similar resemblance
Like a curly topped raw caramel melon. She make a nigga wanna settle in
Make a nigga wanna settle in. She make a nigga wanna settle in

[Hook:Hodgy Beats]

(Let's have fun!)
We only live once. I'll say it twice, we only live once. (Take a chance!)
Let's jump out the window. (Hold my hand!)
Then push off with your big toe. (Let's have fun!)

(Let's have fun!) We only live once. We only live once. (Take a chance!)
Let's jump out the window. (Hold my hand!)
Just push off with your big toe. (Let's have fun!)

[Verse2:Hodgy Beats]

The Hype is subdued as the Mellow mask is alluded
Excluded from my facial pores, secluded
A baller's in my court. I take a shot at life and jump shoot it
Bein' rooted as I renew it
The episode of me and you on the telephone. We see eye to eye like we looking through the same telescope
We hearin different sounds cuz I listen with a fucking stethoscope
I'm lost for words. I just hit a breath of hope
Express letters for better gestures and envelopes. I hope you get the mail
The last stem of research we've touched and feeling frail
I see you looking at the square patterns from within
Facial expressions giving me knowledge. You want the winds, the zest, and the breeze breathing through your skin
Life happily ever after...after...after
The end

[Hook:Hodgy Beats]

(Let's have fun!)x2
We only live once. I'll say it twice, we only live once. (Take a chance!)
Let's jump out the window. (Hold my hand!)
Then push off with your big toe. (Let's have fun!)

We only live once. We only live once. (Take a chance!)
Let's jump out the window. (Hold my hand!)
Just push off with your big toe

[Outro]x2

Let's have fun. (F.U.N.)x2
Take a chance. (Hold my hand.)
Hold my hand. (Hold my hand.)