[Intro]
Turn your radios up
The real niggas are back on the radio

[Hook: Dante Hawkins (Nas)]
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas (So I salute my "Niggas!")
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas (So I salute)

[Verse 1: Nas]
Uh, no slackin', no beggin', no askin', no fastin'
No disrespect to Islam, no Imam or Pastor
No answers to questions the media's askin'
Why we fight each other in public in front of these arrogant fascists?
They love it; puttin old niggas verse the youngest
Most of our elders failed us, how could they judge us? Niggas
There's verbal books published by niggas, produced by niggas
Genuine niggas, so I salute my niggas
Not mad cause Eminem said nigga, cause he my nigga
Wigga, cracker, friend, we all black within, okay?
We all African, okay, some Africans don't like us, no way!
A killng happened in Johannesbur yesterday
Slain artist named Lucky Dube, hijacked
Some say N-double A-C-P, keep us sidetracked
But I don't buy that, I buy Aston Martins
Faster cars than NAS-a-CARs and, sparkin while ridin
Critics, eat a dick! Journalists see I'm rich
With this N-word jargon I'm just starting, bitch!

[Hook: Dante Hawkins (Nas)]
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas (So I salute my "Niggas!")
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas (So I salute)

[Verse 2: Nas]
Wake up in the morning, shake my third leg in the toilet
Uzi on the nightstand, I'm the man you go to war with
Not the man you go to war against, patience, I'll get you
If that means I can't sleep a whole year, I'mma get you
I'm official, not a-tisket or a-tasket
I'll put you in the casket, with the biscuit or the ratchet
They smoke hibiscus, they plants or trees, advanc-ed weed
Don't forsake us, you all are fake bloods like move make-up
I flow tighter as Tootie's braces, who he hatin us?
I be on a state bus in shackles if my .8 bust
Cause y'all some tellers, opposite of bankers
I'm the shit for ages, my clique still real QB gangsters
Clique still movin' like Freemasons, so if I'm on the flow
From the law, there's lodges all across the nation
Nas is bred for the plan
To hold the Grand Dragon's head in my hand
Come and get me, here I am

[Hook: Dante Hawkins (Nas)]
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas (So I salute my "Niggas!")
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas
This is for my niggas, niggas, niggas (So I salute my "Niggas!")