I sold my soul to the devil

Rev. Saviour: I knew you were coming... so I sent everyone away... because I believed my final moment was at hand. Before you pull that trigger... and take my life, I would like the chance to tell you some things, perhaps to think about after I am gone. Don't worry about me stallin'. My people have orders to leave me to my studies for another 15 minutes. I will only take five. Can you bear with me? Will you? Then make up your mind. Today marks the change of not only a New Year, but a new millennium. Take a look around. The majority of the youth roam the streets... dealing in drugs, sex and violence, thinking these things have no real effect on life. Crimes without real punishment. An uncaring, unfeeling generation... without knowledge of self. This is the future of our nation, the future of our people. Do you think hatred and evil will go unpunished? The world is now feeling the heat... from flames it has kept burning since the beginning of civilization. You represent that fire. You and I are just a small part of God's plan. The evil men of this world have applied every method possible... to deceive its occupants. And each time with greater success than anticipated. But no more. Tonight, with this new millennium, God will begin to overcome this evil. I represent the truth... to the people. Without truth, nothing is sacred. The lie-that's what the devil is all about. You know that, that's why you're here. The truth is, we all play a grave role... in our own destruction. Your money. Your lifestyles. The things that people value and covet so dearly... are the bait that lures them out of the light. Through the love of others... I have power. The truth gives me this. Those that fear me send you here, here to murder all that I say. They use what you fear against you. Your fear of death, your fear of imprisonment. Where in this world is anyone safe from death? You see the lies you've been told? The path you take is not your own. Have you ever thought about how precious a life is? How difficult it is to create? How loosely and easily it has been for you to take away? Brother, help me. Help me to do what's right. Help me to stop the slaughter of our children. Help me to put an end to the disrespect... and the dishonor of our most valuable resource: the black woman. Help me put an end... to the destruction of the young mind through the use of drugs, alcohol. Help me to build up a population of great thinkers. People who create change... through thoughtfulness and spirituality. Will you choose that truth? Will you? Will you choose the light over the darkness? Hold it, stay where you are. Will you choose life? It's time. It's time, man. It's time.
8 of 8 found this interesting | Share this
Sincere: Yo, when's the last time you read anything, man?
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: Never, motherfucker.
5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Shameek: Knowledge Born, What's the science baby?
5 of 5 found this interesting | Share this
Sincere: Yo, did you not see that fucking red light, man?
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: Man, you think I give a fuck about a montherfucking red light? Faggot cops can't touch me. I'm out here smoking weed, speeding, all that, dawg. Fuck that. That's me. Untouchable.
4 of 4 found this interesting | Share this
Kisha: Not only she know you but she said she sucked your little black dingaling last night! So what you got to say now huh?
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: Bitch is lyin!

Rico: Might have to drop 'em. Might have to drop a dime on them niggas

Lennox: Who wants to romp with bumbaclot?
3 of 3 found this interesting | Share this
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: Once I found out the clock was ticking, it's get the glock, I'mma stick him, nah, kill 'em cause revenge is all a nigga think about in the end, but I'm goin' on a binge, brother, to my sins. Fuck y'all niggas. Born by myself, die by myself. Place the triggers. And if you don't know don't know what it's gon' be in the end... T minus 3, 2, 1... Amen.

Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: What?
Knowledge: What the fuck you mean, what?

Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: What the fuck is wrong with this nigga? That's your man. That's your man.

Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: When it rains, niggas get wet. You know? Dawg, you the only one I got in my corner, man. Don't cross me.
Sincere: I got you.
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: One.

Sincere: I feel it's the only way. I don't feel a need to play the whole part in the entire movement. But, yo, if you just raise your family right, if I just live righteously, I be all right. Yo, my whole life is
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: Come on with the bullshit, man. You think another motherfucker know what you need to do? Ain't no purpose, dawg. It's money. We born to fucking die, man. In the meantime, get money. Fuck a book, man.
found this interesting | Share this
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: That's your word? Nigga suck my dick.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Lennox: Jamaica is good.
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: Yeah, Jamaica is good. Jamaica is very good.
1 of 1 found this interesting | Share this
Sincere: When you fuck with guns shorty, it's always the coolest niggaz who fuck around and get murdered.

Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: See how big he is.
Is this interesting? | Share this
Roger: Without us, you go to jail. You go to jail forever.
Is this interesting? | Share this
Rico: I don't like that shit. Don't like that shit one bit.
Is this interesting? | Share this
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: There's mad money out here dawg, mad money out here. What you tryin' to get it?
LaKid: Word up
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: You gonna bust you gun to get it?
LaKid: Tsh, whatever yo
Tommy 'Buns' Bundy: I hear you...