[Verse 1: N.O.R.E. + Nas]
Got out the mall, yo
This weak cat rockin a fade
In my face askin could he see the grenade
I woulda let him see it
The way he came across,yo, I said 'Nah, beat it'
Steph told me buck him
When I reacted Will said 'Chill, fuck him'
Yo, it's a small world, you know that we'll see him again
He said 'Fuck you!'
I said, What? Repeat it again'
Chill son, you're weeded again
Slow down, god, you're speedin' again
Face lookin' like you're fiendin' for Henn
Who that wit you? Hide the gat; nigga, come in
You got a pistol? It must mean you slingin' again
Ayo, fuck it, yo, I bucked him, son
'Cause he was on some stupid shit
Thinking he the real thing when he was just a duplicate
Saying that he hate our clique, hate our shit
Hate The Firm album and the CNN clique
He said he hate you and wish you ain't have a six
He had coliseum jewelry, no tito tricks
That's what he supposed to get
Nigga play you close he get hit
Laying in dirt, something you say, you get hurt
Fuck around though, probably with some old school shit
How bad you hit him up, god?
Yo, he ghost and shit?

[Chorus: N.O.R.E.]
Yo, it's a body in the trunk, son
So what's it gon' be?
A nigga layin' dead 'cause he came for me
Yo, it's a body in the trunk son
So what's it gon' be?
A nigga layin' dead 'cause he came for me

[Verse 2: N.O.R.E. + Nas]
I had the Queens hoodie on with the blood on my sleeve
Gave that nigga one offer he could take or he leave
But it's a body in the trunk, son, it's getting scary
What if police pull us over and smell that corpse?
Yo, extend it, go in the trunk, light an incense
Spray the Lysol all over the car
I know you wasn't there then but you're here now, pa
Yo, it happened like an hour or two
I showered wit boo
Wasted a little time, didn't want to disturb you
For some reason, yo, I couldn't sleep, slept with my heat
Yo, you think you on some movie shit, son?
I think you're losing it
Pop the trunk, who's the kid?
You really had to buck him?
You couldn't just snuff him?
Yo, he had to lose his wig?
Fuck you bring him here for?
What you think I could do?
Somebody could've followed you
Fuck it nigga, I'll ride wit you
Some real niggas gonna do what we gotta do
Slide in this whip and we out
Empty the clip in his mouth, fuck it
That's how we move in this game
Ruling this game
Niggas stayin' true to this game

[Chorus: N.O.R.E.]
Yo, it's a body in the trunk, son
So what's it gon' be?
A nigga layin' dead 'cause he came for me
Yo, it's a body in the trunk son
So what's it gon' be?
A nigga layin' dead 'cause he came for me

[Verse 3: N.O.R.E. + Nas]
Yo son, I shot him in the parking lot, right in the mall
If I would have left the body, the police woulda crawled
Yo, I did that, chopped the body up, fuck the chit chat
Kick back
I just lit up, so here, hit that
Pull over somewhere, god, where I could piss at
Pop the trunk, son, let a nigga see who it is
Not now, son, maintain, let's stick to the biz
Yo, you hidin' it, let a nigga know what he ridin' wit
A'ight son, calm down, calm down, chill
(Let me see the nigga)
I'ma let you see the nigga, man
(Turn him around)
Turn him over, turn him over, ya know what I'm sayin'
(Oh yeah, yeah, I know that man)
Word? (I know that man, yeah)
Nigga name known, just came home, thought he cut his shit
Still waves on, nigga kept it on some rugged shit
Yo son, the way you're talking make it sound like y'all cool
Like you and this nigga used to go to school
Back in 204, son, tell me it's not...
Yo pop, chill, the way he had it sold on the rock
He was on top
Locked from the bottom to top
Now this nigga just layin' in our trunk straight popped
We need a spot where we can dump him without no noise
My niggas ain't tryin' to alert no boys
This ain't no game, god
Dump his body in the train yard
Under the seven line, we couldn't have picked a better time
The way he actin', actin' like he deading mine

[Chorus: N.O.R.E.]
It's a body in the trunk, son
So what's it gon' be?
A nigga layin' dead 'cause he came for me
Yo, it's a body in the trunk, son
So what's it gon' be?
A nigga layin' dead 'cause he came for me