[Verse 1: Nas]
The problem's gettin' worse, a modern 1970, Johannesburg
Man, it hurts to see a cop kill a black man alert
News flash, police shoot blacks, distort facts
Quick attack, unarmed men, murder them
It's captured on cellphone video and they still let 'em go
When will they stop killin' 'em? Askin' why is they killin' for?
White man with a gun apprehended, he still alive
Black man with a gun, he has no chance to survive
They gon' shoot him dead soon as they see the brown of his eyes
And they ask me, "Why you ain't smilin' Nas?"
Cause I have a son and I die inside when I gotta tell him what was told to me
Can't play with your water gun son 'cause the police see
A seven years old as a threat
They think it's right to kill a seven years old on sight 'cause he ain't white
So baby if I'm actin' uptight
When our conversation is weak, it ain't you
It's just it ain't that deep

[Hook 1: Robin Thicke]
We could be everything, everything that we ever needed
Everything that we ever wanted to be, we could still be
It ain't that deep, it ain't that deep
(Ah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Ah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2: Robin Thicke]
Paradise, sacrifice, what do you want from me?
Pay the price, more than twice, what do you want from me?
When I'm wrong and you're right, what do you want from me?
What do you want from me?

[Pre-Hook: Robin Thicke]
In your eyes, I don't wanna see the pain you're holdin'
If you look in my mind, I don't wanna spend a lifetime for it
It's alright, I don't want to play this over
Living in a world I can't explain

[Hook 2: Robin Thicke]
It ain't that deep, we ain't gotta lose sleep baby
We could be everything, everything that we ever needed
Everything that we ever wanted to be, we could still be
It ain't that deep, it ain't that deep
That, that, that, that, it ain't that deep
That, that, that, that, it ain't that...
(Ah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 3: Robin Thicke]
Tell the truth, was it you? What do you want from me?
Is it you? Are we fools? What do you want from me?
I was in love with you, what do you want from me?
What do you want from me?

[Bridge: Robin Thicke]
In your eyes, I don't wanna stop the fire burnin'
If you look in my mind, I don't wanna see your wheels keep turnin'
It's alright, I don't want to play this over
When I know that you're the one for me
It ain't that deep, it ain't that deep, deep, deep, deep
It ain't that, that, that...

[Verse 4: Nas]
Dismissin' got you livin' in your own prison
You need to leave that alone
Before you sittin' in an old folk's home alone with no visits
So exquisite but mess it up when you're tone's risen
And any day when you don't get your way
Gettin' mad at everything I say
And you don't think it's an emergency
A toupee wearin' liar's tryna run the U.S.A
You makin' our lives harder, you're like the argument queen
There's women out here going hard doing positive things
Slam dunkin' in games, directing movies like Selma
World's startin' to change and you actin' the same
'Cause you don't even see what I see in you
Next female president could even be you
Bringing' kids in the world that we gotta teach
Just give me good sex and give me peace

[Outro: Robin Thicke (Nas)]
It ain't that deep, it ain't that deep
(Nah shawty)
We could be everything, everything that we ever needed
Everything that we ever wanted to be, we could still be
It ain't that, that...