[Nas]
Alka Seltzer... in this motherfucker... I gotta take shit
Ay there go my book... I been looking for this book

What, What... Yea

[Nas]
I ain't seen as much death, nor seen as much crime, since the blackout in Queensbridge in 79'
Everybodies a killer now... pimps, playas, and dons
Shorties on the block, push drops and carry on
Niggas look through our window, where ever we drove
Through the tint, to see if the Benz is matching the clothes
We the Queens Kings
I used to view the cats that I owe... see things...
That made me real, but my skin and my soul
Girls who turned hoes
Friends who turned foes
Bad luck niggas who bring Death where ever they go
Never sleep, it feels better to know... it's all real though!...

[Hook:]
Everything Is Real... And... Where We Heading Now... Up to more Money... It be More Fun... Leave with Mo' Bitches... and Carry More Guns

Where We Heading Now... Where We Going Yo... Getting Real Son... We Gon let It Flow... Leave with Mo' Bitches... And Be More Dough... It Be More Fun... Holding More...

[Nas]
How the hell, are we supposed to excel from the street...
Where the Jakes Crew face young kids who wanna eat
Quantum Leap to this Black World, Hustlers, and Ghettos
Cell mates, millionaires, who tussle with the Devil
Bust a lil metal lead (led)
Wrestle you... to the pebbles... on the hard gound
That's if the God's down
It's a struggle, brothers jump bail
To come chill with they niggas on the block, with them rocks for sale
On the hard with the god Shapelle... a Queens Conrad
Yo run and come with the dime bag

[Shapelle]
Yo, Yo-Yo
Ayo I need dat
I got to smoke dat...
Sell me some Chunky Black

[Nas]
So I could smoke away the pain
Try to find my brain
But the thought still remain
Yo it's on again
Once the jail take these chains
Cause I been through it
The drug game I thought I knew it
I got knocked, went to trial
But I blew it
25... but only lived 20 years of my life
Took 5 from me
Got me wrapped up like a Mummy
Now I'm in the system... aka the Devil's Home
Where they tell you where to eat, sleep, shit, and use the phone
Now I'm living with... drug dealers, and chain stealers...
Bitch niggas, who got knocked and turned squealers
Imagine sharing a cell with a rehabilitated addict
Who love fucking with faggots
But I sip alot of Savage
I sat him down, and made him study mathematics
Now I'm sitting in the cell thinking...
About this reefer I'm a get this weekend
On the V.I. (visit)
I rather be... uh, dam, dam

[Fades Out]