[Verse 1]
Man, Prince was a pimp, appolonia vanity
Sheila E. had me on the edge of insanity
Swore if I made it in music I'd be similar
Here I am, this is the future, I'm where the woman are
Rocking with ?, y'all need me, shine a spotlight up
In the sky ? like Batman, I pops right up
This is Nas hate if u must hate been hot since the days of cassette tapes
T-shirts over the thermals dripped in our memories
Sipping that Hennessey .45th in my denim jeans
She told me she was my eyelashes
When we hump, I grunt just like a bull mastiff
They call me the best who ever did it
Only in the club one minute guess who I slip with
A chocolate dike ghetto thing sweet
We going to pop tonight, bon appetite

[Hook]
Do you know who I am? And she says
La lalala I already know
What we can't hold hands? And she says
La lalala I already know
You got to leave by three? you with me?
La lalala I already know
So until next week? you know, ma
La lalala I already know

[Verse 2]
You know, mirror, mirror on the wall
Who's the nastiest sexiest thug of them all?
I seen her in the mall, she was wearing ?
Degarsole keyoke mose cherry cologne
She was looking very alone
'Til this big weightlifting Mr. Universe clone starts grabbing her own
But she can't stop looking im in the zone
One look at the kid she taking of her stone
Cash crazy ass crazy hair long
And baby amaze me because im in rare form
She like an ice cold bowl of post honeycomb
Followed me in the shop while I cop Nina Simone
Tap me on the shoulder I told her I her im on the phone
I played it off well nobody was on the cell
Shit, she said the tone?
She said mister so and so should I leave you alone?
I said

[Hook]

Tick-tock, tick-tock time is passing
Hello?
Turn the television off, focus here

[Verse 3]
You know, lover not a fighter
I'm the vagina liner reconstructor, bed sheet ruffler
For you freak girls undercover who loves ya?
I'm not a priest don't front for me, but step in my confessional
That's the bedroom, tell the truth I'll be impressional
Wait before you pass your collection plate
Show me you a professional so we straight?
She tried to kiss my lips, but no I don't do that
Want me to kiss my lips but not with a new jack
Few stacks spend my chips, yeah I do that
See the problem with you women is, look I got 'em
You can hear a mouse piss on cotton
You don't want to miss it then listen, stop stressing the man
We out to get as much sex as we can
And you roll wit the plan, shorty you lie
But you got to leave, 2:45

[Hook x2]