[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Eyes must be wide shut
Liquor got you open, closing your blinders
Just in case you need a friendly reminder
Let me take this bullet, bullet out my head
Change your body, need a visor
Car too big, but fuck it, don't need a driver
All me want is a girl who'll be a rider
Can't believe she pull it, pull it, nigga gun, gun down

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
But she want me to hold her, hold her down
Sorry boo boo, you gets no love, no love now (No love, no love)
Must be cuckoo, got me fucked up, fucked up, wow (Got me fucked up)
You know a nigga ain't gon' hold ya, hold ya down

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm a mirage, fuck I look like?
I'm a mirage, what the fuck I look like?
It's all in your mind, your mind, fuck I look like?
Open your eyes, you're blind, what the fuck I look like?

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Yeah girl, your mind should apologise to ya
Keep on telling all of those crazy lies to ya
You believe 'em, I don't wanna accept the truth
Who the fuck you kidding, kidding, what's the use?
Sad to see you playing the fool
You don't know half the shit that a nigga been through
I guess you got your reward, reward for it
You acting like you don't need me, babe

[Pre-Chorus]
But she want me to hold her, hold her down (Got me fucked up, babe)
Sorry boo boo, you gets no love, no love now
Must be cuckoo, got me fucked up, fucked up, wow
You know a nigga ain't gon' hold ya, hold ya down, excuse my French but

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm a mirage, fuck I look like?
I'm a mirage, what the fuck I look like?
It's all in your mind, your mind, fuck I look like?
Open your eyes, you're blind, what the fuck I look like?

[Verse 3: Nas]
Yeah, you looking for love, and I'm the one you imagine
With athlete money from just rapping
My body wrapped in some Valentino, Laurel Piano fashion
Sex with passion, romancing, laughing
Happiness, action, restaurants, relaxin'
They got some good sushi in Aspen, that good pussy I'm smashing
I call you Matsuhisa, yeah I'm your Visa
American Express, I must confess
I'm tryna go beyond love and this is hard to translate
Love is good, but to me, good is just the enemy of great
You wanna make it to the top, but you don't got what it take
To be a model, actress, singer, stripper
Want me to help you to become a star, you was my sister
You was my soldier, damn, I used to miss ya
I used to love ya, I fiend to hold ya
You didn't know me, it was only just a mirage, mirage

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm a mirage, fuck I look like?
I'm a mirage, what the fuck I look like?
It's all in your mind, your mind, fuck I look like?
Open your eyes, you're blind, what the fuck I look like?

[Outro]
What the fuck I look like? Fucked up
What the fuck I look like?