[Intro]
Uh
Crazy (crazy) Ah (ah)
Yo pussy kill me...
Huh (huh).. yeah (yeah) yeah..
Huh, huh, huh ,huh..

[Verse 1]
Pussy killed me when I was born (What?)
Pardon me, I'll rephrase it: departed mommy's womb decaying
I look at the bright side
The fact that I got a life side
Born '73 - September right Nas? (True)
Virgo child, the first thing I learn is money makes the world go round
On this small planet, it's ten women to one man; I wonder how we manage
To say vows and walk a straight line in marriage
Niggas is some nasty creatures (Word)
Bitches even nastier, they throw at your boy and it's hard for me to pass it up
Freaky hoes lick a nigga's ass and nuts
Stupid bitch braggin 'til her baby dad went nuts (Stupid bitch)
Now he looking for me, two cars deep
Rolling up on nigga's, barrel out the window, asking, "You NaS peeps?"
I can't have that, two four five, nigga grab that
Pass it to me, sucker-for-love niggas I blast at
I swear my dick is gonna get me in trouble
I pissin bubbles
I thought I felt a sharp pain, better stick to rubbers
When laying hooker after hooker, day out and day in
Watch out for diseases, the doctors can't name 'em
Just a thought: we all fuck the same chicks
Some play like they innocent, fucking entertainers
And basketball players, the bitch is a ho
But still some of y'all a save her, put your dick in her throat
You just the nigga that done wifed her (huh?)
She drove you crazy, now your monkey ass wanna shoot the pimp that pipes her
She had your baby, (Damn) now you a life-er
And suicide notes you write her
Pussy kills

[Hook: repeat 2X]
Oh what a thrill
Inside a bitch feel
Gotta be strong to handle it, it's real
Pussy kills
Backs shots keep a nigga open
Bitch a have niggas gun smoking
Pussy kills

[Verse 2]
My nigga James got married, same girl he went to school with
Nice girl, nerd with glasses, he was too stuck
Studied for her Masters, part time nurse
I'll tell you how superb the ass is, but who's looking
I mean that's my man, maybe I just took a peek
Maybe I wondered what it would be like, sike
Cause James and me like I was with AZ like
Luke and Han Solo fucking with niggas' girls' forbidden, that's a no-no
It's death and we real niggas, civilized gods
And their ain't too many niggas like NaS, I'm trust worthy
Plus I know a dude that caught his wife cheating
Killed his baby, killed his wife, and took his own life, even
Happy for James cause real bitches hard to come by
This nigga found one, I told him he's lucky, we clown some
Rolling up dutchies while watching Roy Jones in round one, he froze
Put his face to the tv, 'bout an inch close
Move out the way nigga, fuck's the matter with you, you blind?
He pointed to the front row, thought he was loosing his mind
She 'posed to be with her sick mother, left for the weekend
Was stressed when she was leaving
Now she's next to some nigga, cheesing
He's having trouble breathing (Gasping for air, coughing)
He pictured 'em making noises, grinding him and kissing him
Yelling, "Ain't no telling where her lips have been!"
Left her foul messages, she came home no lesser than
Ten minutes later, then they start wrestling and screaming
She said she missed her flight that evening
She never left, she wasn't at that fight, you speeding
That's Vegas, this is New York, you bugging
I held up my hand for a dap but he wouldn't touch it
I'm like, "When you started acting like that? This is dumbness."
Gave me a crazy look and started swinging punches
I ducked, couldn't believe it, the nigga so whipped
He got his gat and started squeezing, hit two policemen
Neighbors dialed 911, they heard the thumping
Wounded cops kicked in the door and started dumping
Me and his wife dip to the floor she smiled strange
My comrade was breathing no more, they killed James

[Hook]