[Produced by  Carlos "6 July" Broady & Nashiem Myrick]

[Intro]
See no evil, fear no evil, speak no evil, hear no evil
If you don't bring that shit around you
You ain't got nothing to worry about (uh-huh)
Yeah (yeah, uh-huh)
Know what I'm saying?
Yo, yo yo yo

[Verse 1]
Carolyn from Maryland, she Lady Heroin
She elegant, her apparel in the M-Class caravan
Keys of dope, loving cats to ski in her throat
She fuck killers in her condo, her Benz and her boat
Her ice fro, ass is curvy, 40 years old
She passing for 30, Gucci framed glasses from Purvy's
Madison Ave., shopping when she not, copping bricks of that shit
She hopping on dicks, riding Pony's who trick
At my man's wake, she said the eulogy
After that I usually bumped into her shopping for jewellery
Her bodyguard screwing me, I gave her my math
Ain't nothing new to me, blowing backs out, six-pack Stout's
Wide fat mouth, the evil look with a bow-leg
Yo niggas said, "Shorty's a pro, she blow heads
She push the fo' red, she know Feds, Feds know her"
A code red, maybe she's out to slay me, this bitch is crazy
She blew the celly up, meet me at the telly to fuck
She knew about cats from way back, we smoke the haystack
She never coughed once, blunts was her hobby
She said I knew her man probably, no doubt, '96 he tried to rob me
I jetted though, sometimes you never know
He snorted all her work, now she need me to do her dirty work

[Chorus]
It's a small world ("It's a.. small world..")
Nigga you reap what you sow
What goes around comes around, if you sleep you don't know
A very small world ("It's a.. small world..")
Where beef could never end
At the time you least expect it, I'ma see you again
It's a small world ("It's a.. small world.."), you get away with it now
Soon enough it catches up to you, someway, somehow
Yo it's a small world, watch what you do.. ("It's a.. small world..")

[Verse 2]
Snook from Red Hook was grimy, did 5 years, glad to be home
From Attica, known for keeping chrome calibers
Smooth like a Wallaby shoe, he's out to get it
5 years planning to blow soon as he hit the bridicks
Had a girl in Woodside Queens, thought he was low
Played the crib for a month and deaded his P.O
Started robbing niggas ‘til he caught a whole kilo
He had a bunch of starving niggas he owe, he never paid though
Got large, sign on his door, "Don't knock hard"
Laying with his bitch, 'niggas is rich' is what he told her
Played the block, holding cracks inside the baby stroller
Here come his crazy soldier, 6 shots it's over
A year went past, Snook went flossing fast
His old man had crossed his ass for the laws of this fast cash

[Chorus]
It's a small world ("It's a.. small world..")
Nigga you reap what you sow
What goes around comes around, if you sleep you don't know
A very small world ("It's a.. small world..")
Where beef could never end
At the time you least expect it, I'ma see you again
It's a small world ("It's a.. small world.."), you get away with it now
Soon enough it catches up to you, someway, somehow
Yo it's a small world, watch what you do.. ("It's a.. small world..")

[Verse 3]
I seen death, seen thugs cry, it's bugged why
We let the slugs fly, enter your brain through your skull
Another thug died, pitching your soul into that infinite
Black hole where many souls go cause of a .44 blast
Snook was one of ‘em, so many more
Even that Fendi whore got niggas hit up, yeah let that Henny pour
Carolyn, paid-up bitch, made bitch, stay rich
Heard her bodyguard took Snook to God
Carolyn when she needed him, he took the job
He was close to her ever since she took him inside
When his moms died, dope fiend OD’d, '85
He went crazy, stuck up banks to stay alive
He was live, do niggas even know the things that he tried
Robbed armored trucks, incidents where police died
He stayed in lower Eastside, peace God, he stared at me hard
Two of his mans with him, I got to hit 'em
I'm reaching for my Roscoe, cocked it back on
And get my blast on, at the gas station, bunch of Arabs racing
Out the way as my Taurus spray
Jump in the whip, hit the highway
You know how I say, the game that I play
It's real tendencies, when you feel your enemies
But can't figure out whose who, keep it true
Shit is cool now -- put the tools down? Never
'Cause everyday is on, livin this life, out for this cheddar

[Chorus]
It's a small world ("It's a.. small world..")
Nigga you reap what you sow
What goes around comes around, if you sleep you don't know
A very small world ("It's a.. small world..")
Where beef could never end
At the time you least expect it, I'ma see you again
It's a small world ("It's a.. small world.."), you get away with it now
Soon enough it catches up to you, someway, somehow
Yo it's a small world, watch what you do.. ("It's a.. small world..")

[Outro]
I'm going to see you again..
Uh-huh.. I'm going to see you again.. nigga..
Uh-huh.. going to see you again nigga.. yeah