[Spoken: Nas]
So I was talking about this music and uhh
To my man earlier, Green Lantern, I said
I wrote: "The word best—I'm thinkin' a word best describin' my life to name my daughter, my strength. My son, the star will be my resurrection."
I didn't know I would have kids at all when I wrote at 20
Some years ago, I had a daughter then I had a son just like
I setted that rhyme
You put down stuff on that paper, you'd be surprised
The atmosphere reads it, the universe reads it
And hears it, they can hear our thoughts, this universe
Be careful what you're thinking because it doesn't know how to differentiate what you mean with those thoughts
It will—it will give it to you though
I was blessed, I was lucky with that

[Chorus]
(It's yours)
(it's—it's—it's—it's yours)

[Verse 1: Nas]
I sip the Dom P, watchin' Gandhi 'til I'm charged
Writin' in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
Behold the mic I'm throbbin', my movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with
The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right
The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation, react like I'm facin'
Time like Pappy Mason, with pens I'm embracin'
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
Suede Timbs on my feet makes my cipher complete
Whether cruisin' in a Six cab or Montero Jeep
I can't call it, the beats make me fallin' asleep
I keep fallin', but never fallin' six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?)
President Barack Obama, he represents me

[Chorus: Nas]
The world is yours
It's mine, it's mine, it's mine—whose?
The world is yours, the world is yours
Can you believe it?
It's your world, it's yours
It's mine—it's
Can you believe it?
I said the world is yours
Believe it, yeah

[Bridge: Nas]
To my man Ill Will (God bless your life)
To my people right here (bless your life)

[Verse 2: Nas]
I trip, we box up crazy bitches
Aimin' guns in all my baby pictures
Beef with housing police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's
Yet I'm the mild, money-gettin' style, rollin' foul
The versatile, honey-stickin', wild, golden child
Dwellin' in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled
Or caught by the devil's lasso
There's no days for broke days
We sell it, smoke pays, while all the old folks pray
Soakin' their sins in trays of holy water
Odds against Nas are slaughter
Thinkin' a word best describin' my life to name my daughter
My strength, my son, the star will be my resurrection
Born in correction, all the wrong shit I did
He'll lead a right direction
How you livin'? Large, a broker charge, cards are mediocre
You flippin' coke or playin' spit, spades, and strip poker?
What you are soldier? I thought I told ya

[Chorus: Nas]
It's mine, it's mine (the world)
The world, the world, up top
It's your world
It's mine, it's mine—whose world?
The world is yours, the world is yours, uh

[Interlude: Nas]
Break it down
Watch what you say
Watch what you listen to
I've been listening lately and a lot of these days ain't real
If I may say so myself
Alright, check it

[Verse 3: Nas]
I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed
For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside, 1,000 miles from home
I need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow
‘Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow
Tryin' to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip
Picturin' my peeps not eatin' can make my heartbeat skip
And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up
Remember that Mike Tyson back in the days?
Stabbin' women like the Phantom
The crew is lampin', Big Willie style
Check the chip-toothed smile, plus I profile wild
Stash loot in fly clothes, burnin' dollars to light my stoge
Walk the blocks with a bop, checkin' dames
Plus the games people play bust the problems of the world today

[Chorus: Nas]
(It's yours) Oh, it's mine, it's mine—whose world?
I said the world is yours, the world is yours
Whose world? It's yours
Whose world? I said the world is yours, the world is yours

[Outro: Nas]
To my Queens' crew, the foundation
The world is yours
To my people in B-more
The world is yours, the world is yours
To my people in VA
The world is yours, the world is yours
And the nation capital, you know the world is yours
The world is yours
Oh, da-da-da da-da-da
Smooth it out like that, da-da-da da-da-da

[Spoken: Nas]
Thank you