[Verse 1: TiRon]
Ay, this one's for the niggas in the back
They looking at you, but you looking at her over there with the back
Like "Damn my nigga!"
Go cuddle up or cut a rug
Mean mug a nigga cut it out, cut a blunt, fill it up, hit it once
Get a cup of some burn, and relax your nerves, and get carried the fuck out
By the homies, you don't know me now, we ain't no punks
A Sucker for Pumps don't make me some chumps
I lumped up a few in my day so it ain't no thang but a shoe strang
But instead of them bruises, I'd rather sip brews, and groove with a girl that's cool
But if you ain't feelin' that DJ spin it back type shit, we can do what it do my dude

[Hook]
Cause you don't understand
We ain't scared of you niggas
We ain't trying to take your *bark*
She just trying to get a pic
Pump yo brakes
PYB, PY, PY, PYB
Pump yo brakes
PYB, PY, PY, PYB

[Verse 2: Ayomari]
Man why you niggas over there looking at me?
Why don't you mind y'all own?
What the hell you doing up in here anyway?
Why don't you find y'all home?
Why don't you finish that cup in your hand you've been babysittin'?
Why don't you leave me alone? Cause I'm looking for a girl in here that can bring me 'long
But you looking so lonely and a wall ain't got a hole and a ??
What, you think you strong cause you got a little D's in you with your sleeveless shirt on
But when you're song come on it's never
Hold up, wait up, this right here my jam!
And after it go off I say the DJ spin again

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ab-Soul]
Nigga pump yo brakes, fuck up outta my face!
Can't you see this chick here tryna get a quick flick
No homo, you know I'm tryna get my dick wet
I mean I'm only in town for a lil bit
I go to state to state, I be making cake
I wanna raise my rate, but I can't complain
Looking for the girls in the mini skirts
That go to church but ain't a saint
Think you know better than to fuck with Soul
Wouldn't wanna put your hand over that stove
It's obvious the OG's that I know
You don't wanna take it there fo sho
I be like, "Tizzle don't shoot em!
Tizzle don't shoot em!"
And they don't know no better
But if you think they did
Nigga do your shit, whatever make you feel better
Tell em!

[Hook]