[Verse 1]
Nigga I ain't never been scared
I break a rapper down like a ounce of
Kush --
Probably tie him down to a burning bush, God strike me down
Look -- I'm ignorant as renting a movie I already got
Truthfully, I would do it cuz the bootleg ain't clear enough to watch
Watch how I flip it like a blue dolphin --
That's a water mammal on ecstasy, yo I gets retarded
And we can go to war if you wanna
You could plan it but to you I'm like a planet -- the largest
Panic when I'm marching on your turf like a sergeant --
With the biggest fucking balls on earth, moving forward
Anything you wanna do, I'm all for it
Bring your crew till I'm like a liquor store -- cornered
That's when I pull a bazooka out of a my shoe, like I want to -- (boom!)
Sayonara -- I breathe life in the game, I don't know CPR
You're mediocre to a meteor, or...

[Hook]
Young, (black and wild)
Puffin' on a (black and mild)
Young
(black and wild)
Puffin' on a (black and mild)
Young, (black and wild)
Puffin' on a (black and mild)
Young, (black and wild)
Puffin' on a (black
And mild)

[Verse 2]
What's up?
Aww, look at these suckers --
No goals to execute so they're killing each
Other
And me and you?
We are not the same, I'm telling you --
What I write readers digest, your shit ain't edible
Better yet, your whole style is questionable
Come to my neck of the woods, strangle your neck in the booth
Saying you next to who, motherfucker?
Kick the bucket, maybe this pale will do
From the moment they broke my umbilical, I was known as the coldest criminal
With -- enormous genitals, it -- is no subliminal, my shit is more literal
And ironic as witnessing death in your living room
Passed the bud, I'm finna run in motherfucking mud
Run a motherfucking lap -- around a gas pump
Gassed up -- don't add fuel to the fire
That's how you get your ass whooped
I hold the belt -- welterweight rappers need help
You niggas can't see me
Like I'm moving in stealth -- get off my weenie
I know, it's big enough to fill a beanie but I...

ScHoolboy Q: Pause!
Soulo: You know that shit was tight nigga...you wanna hit this?
ScHoolboy Q: Naw nigga, no cancer nigga. You know it's gonna put a hole in my zone, straight kush nigga
Soulo: Yeah, fuck that man

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
What's up?
Know I stay with a verse --
Like I stay with a plaque till I'm laid back in a hearse
I'm iller than having AIDS -- and bagging a nurse
Copping a clean suit to wear under the dirt -- fuck
Pull out the pin then I throw a grenade -- what?
Bombs away, cast light into your day
Better cheese when that camera flash light into your face
Bet a G you niggas weak -- Monday through Sunday I'm a beast