Ayo ayo you see her over there dawg? yea I gotta get that right there man, forreal, she lookin' right, man. Yeah she at the bar, you see her? Yeah I gotta... Watch out how I do this right here, haha yea

[Verse 1]
How you doin'? The name's Absolutely
My pleasure to meet you
Have a seat by me, I know I'm young and I'm up in the club
But they don't ever ask to see ID so what's good?
I saw you from across the venue, caramel skin
Nice shape, basically a girl that I'm into
I never seen your face in the spot, get you a drink on me
Have a cool Alize on the rocks
See your nails done pretty, your toes done marvelous
Better believe it, eyes on your cleavage
Hold that thought, I know that your girls is leavin'
But you got good reason to post
I say we stick around here for a little while longer
I'll escort you to the crib when you wanna
And maybe there we can have an affair, I know I'm a stranger
But I stroke walls like a painter, real talk
Hop on your heels, walk over to the dance floor with me
Cause they're playing the right song aight ma?
Cause I'm lookin' for a queen like Semi
Lean tight, baby don't stop at a green light
I'm all longs, for example, we steppin', your head in my chest
You know I'm suave like the shampoo
And I gotta say
I need a body, an apple bottom
I heard it keeps the doctor away
I mean, damn, hands ridin' your waist
Honestly it's hard to keep my eye on your face
We can do a love supreme, Coltrane in the background
This is bigger than Ab puttin' his mack down
It's crucial business, forget about your usual livin'
It's young A, make some room to move, admit it
We can grow in steady amounts, I'm gettin' tired
Just play a bad check if you ready to bounce
Nah, I ain't in a rush, we met just a second ago
And I already got a crush
And I don't crush a lot like Pun, this is somethin' epic
Let's have some late night fun to discuss at breakfast
My treat, no games, peep the look on my face
Food for thought, get you a plate full
I'm man enough to sweep you off your feet like a janitor
All night stamina, blush like Santa
When I buck like Tampa Bay
AB's no rookie, I need those goodies
But you ain't gon' play Ciara, you need me, mama
Just do me, it'll be an honor, I'm Judge Judy
But hold up cutie, a big buff dude kinda feisty
Is askin' everybody 'bout his wifey
Now he comin' close takin' off his clothes
Like you wanna fight me
You got a man? Why you ain't remind me?
I know I'm in the right mind sober
But you ain't really worth fightin' over
Your man lookin' like his life over
We coulda had a lot of fun
Yo this mothafucka got a gun, think I oughta run
3-10-4-6-6 dash 5-4-7-9
Hit a nigga any time, you got it
Anything you want from Ab, you got it
You ain't even gotta ask me about it, ma
Hold the fuck up

[Outro]
Hey, who the fuck are you man?
This is A.B Gravy speaking
-Hey put your gun down
It ain't even like that dawg
Nah man, we don't play that round here, this is magnificin pimpin'
Repeat after me, magnificent pimpin'
-Magnificent pimpin'
Don't fuck with AB Gravy
-What?
I'll kill everybody in this motherfucka
-hey put your gun down, man
A.B Gravy, for real, OG, Bobby Johnson, nigga