[Intro]

[Verse 1:]
Seen a little freak in the shape of a number eight
Up the street, I proceed to investigate
Lord know I wanna penetrate, and I can’t wait
Damn shame, from here I can’t even see her damn face
I’m outside, smokin’ a black, she hopped in a car
And drove closer to where I was at
I was are, without hesitation I flagged her down
A military casket, she drove right past me
It kinda hurt ‘til she threw it in reverse
Said, “That ain’t the way you greet a lady in the street jerk!”
I’m like, “My mistake, how’s ya day goin’?”
Knowin’ I’m envisionin’ her nipples through her t-shirt
She said, “It’s goin’ good, how’s yours?”
I said, "It would be goin’ beautiful if I was yours"
"Now quit the bullshit, I’ve heard it all before
My eyes are up here, they ain’t in my bra boy"
I chuckled a little bit, she chuckled a little bit
I said, "What you finna do?" She said, "None of ya business"
Long story short, she ain’t gimme the math
But I know what she did have

[Hook:]
Titsenas (Hey)
Titsenas (Oww)
X2
Forreal

[Verse 2:]
Got this little thang, call her Coca-Cola classic
And whatever Coca-Cola want, Coca-Cola havin' it
Coca-Cola wanna go to Angola with her Aunt Rosa
Guess what? I’ma have to make it happen (Why?)
Cause not only does Coca-Cola resemble a Coca-Cola bottle
And shit, she probably could fit
A whole Coca-Cola bottle where she swallow and shit
And then swallow the shit, ‘til the whole Coca-Cola bottle
Turn hollow, she won’t leave a drop of that shit (Thirsty)
White kids in Ghana and shit
I should tell you Coca-Cola’s a dime
In 1950, Coca-Cola was a dime
And we all know things get better with time
What you think she hit for 60 years down the line?
Never mind, Coca-Cola only thing on mine
I hope she succeeds but I wanna see her behind
And Coca-Cola so bad, I’m dippin in my lil’ stash
Trickin’ up the ass, trippin’
"You spendin’ all ya cash, Ab! Why you do that?"

[Hook:]
Titsenas (Hey)
Titsenas (Oww)
X2
Forreal

[Verse 3:]
In one of my other lives, I had a Ph.D
I’ll tell you ‘bout the patient that stood out the most to me
Imagine Pamela Anderson-Lee but naturally
Big booty, suitably named Judy
She told my nurse she feelin’ sick as hell
My nurse took her temperature, she still couldn’t tell
No sign of cold, no fever, so she don’t believe her
Told her wait in line, be [?] for me to see her
I called her in, told her thrown on a gown
And make yourself comfortable, go ahead and lay down
I gave her courtesy, walked out, came back in
Put the stethoscope to her, didn’t hear nothing wild
Okay, I’ma need you to open your mouth wide
You familiar with Trey Songz, right? Yeah, say ahh
Hmm, there’s nothing wrong in here
I’m startin’ to strongly question why this woman is here
Ma’am, I really must ask
Is this sickness you insist really that bad?
She looked at me and said, “That’s why I’m here Dr. Ab”
But all she has is

[Hook]
Titsenas (Hey)
Titsenas (Oww)
X2
Forreal

[Outro]