[Produced by Tae Beast]

[Intro]
B-O, what up, my nigga?
E3, I'ma get you on these Backwoods, last thing I do, nigga
Yeah, oh shit, nigga! Oh shit, nigga!
These niggas did done it again
Tae Beast, why you do that, man?
Why the fuck you had to do that, man?
This shit sound like a 100 birds under the Carson Sheriff Station
I told Rezack, get off my sack
We really out here, my nigga!

[Verse 1]
When I roll through the city it give me a rush
Yeah, I'm high off life, but I'm rollin' blunts
And they couldn't wait for Soul to reappear
Click, boom; TNT, TDE, we in here
Mm, mm, mm! I can smell fear
From a mile away, you might as well get from 'round here
I run the town like Roc Nation, no exaggeration
Bet I rise like Lazarus, use your imagination
Fascinated by you faggots hatin', get an occupation
You in violation, provoke annihilation
Flow like the Nile River, yo, it's now or never
You had a release date, but now it's never
Yeah, welcome to the Control System
I'm stimulatin' the hoes and educatin' my niggas
I wiggle through potholes, my destination is vivid
To the end of the road I'm driven, y'all trippin'… Soulo

[Hook]
And we stuntin' like, Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole
(Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know
(You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business
If you ain't with the business, mind your business
And we stuntin' like, Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole
(Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know
(You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business
If you ain't with the business, mind your business
And we stunting like

[Verse 2]
Like I ain't never had shit, ‘cause I never had shit
Same Chucks, two years straight, doin' bad shit
Sick, twist two spliffs out my dime bag shit
Pissed, tryna get a good response out this bad bitch
Which one of you niggas wanna call my bluff?
Wish granted, call his ass granite, now he mopped up
Never been locked up, but I keep a sentence
Winners win and sinners sin only to ask God forgiveness
In this world of luxury cars and legal tender
Johnny want me like Wyclef Jean: gone til' November
Pop my collar like I'm Don Juan, green to my slippers
Just remember that they don't want me to get ignorant
Sinister literature, given from this wicked minister
Witness your future diminish, no present from Saint Nicholas
In particular, you're just a thing of the past
I'm a diamond ring in the trash, no reason to brag, it's Ab

[Hook]
And we stuntin' like, Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole
(Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know
(You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business
If you ain't with the business, mind your business
And we stuntin' like, Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole
(Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know
(You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business
If you ain't with the business, mind your business
And we stunting like

[Verse 3]
What's your life about? Enlighten me
Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?
Can't lose, you niggas must admire defeat
You lyin' like Nala, nigga, you know where to find a nigga
(Del Amo!) Carson in the house
The View, The Village, Scottsdale and right back around
Can't forget about The Patch, matter fact
I got some homies off Grace Ave, we go way back
Been runnin' round since L train cut up at Our People
Rocket was my role model, Lil Roccett my number one O-migo
Went 15 in the back alley, hop fences and skip school
Fellowship with the gang members, and goddamn it, I still do
But just imagine if Einstein got high and sipped juice
Broke rules, got pussy, beat up rookies on Pro Tools
You'd probably call his ass Soul Brother #2
And I just took a number two, and ain't this track number two?