[Verse 1: Ab-Soul]
In my dreams I see it
An exact match made heavenly
Mindstate's  exceedin' it
The perfect partnerment for Ab
It's either that or my sense is bad
Y'all help me, the girl I was meant to have
Cook right, booked tight, and she look nice and amazing
Drawn in between the claws and racin'
Towards the stars to find her
Usin' this dream as a reminder that she's more than me
More than light, more than a dream
More than light
Torn to believe she's left more than right in a boy's life
So I'm gonna write my minutes away, and take time of day
Drift away, rememberin' her face and touch the name a bunch But nah, I've never felt this way before
Soulmate worth waitin' for, come on

[Interlude: Ab-Soul]
Don't even act like you don't know what I'm talkin' about. (I'm waitin') Come on. Yeah. (I'm waitin') Y'all know what I'm talkin' about. That perfect one, y'all know. (I'm waitin') Y'all waitin' just like me. Yeah. (I'm waitin')

[Verse 2: Ab-Soul]
I'm waitin' patiently, this woman amazes me
There ain't a day that she's
Not on my mind, my life's on the line
You're so hard to find it hurts me, ah
Want you all in my grip
But she ain't a down bitch or ride or die chick
She's a qualified misses, man
I'm so stuck on a dream it's too far to see
Arguably the biggest thing in my world since hip-hop
So when the shit drop
Her and the great gon' do a Nia Long and Larenz Tate
Just to give a taste of my love in its primitive state
Come on, ma, I deserve what you're offerin'
Often in the thought of you and I tyin' the knot
Timed by the dot, you know what I've been achin' for
You're what I'm, what I'm waitin' for, come on

[Interlude: Ab-Soul]
Come on, y'all. Yeah. (I'm waitin') Y'all know what I'm waitin' for. (I'm waitin') I like this shit. (I'm waitin') Snap my fingers again. To the rhythm. (I'm waitin') Let's get back into it

[Verse 3: Ab-Soul]
I must be in over my head
There's no questionin' shorty's the best
I'm tryna get formally dressed and walk down the isle with you
Grind at a thousand smiles, I'm clouded now
Watchin' your fam crowd around
As I bow down to pronounce how I'm in love and all that
Beautiful stuff, unusual, huh?
So many fish in the sea, but you was enough
No [?] in pleasin' you
Let's hold hands and slow dance for no reason
Older he gets, I see that I need you like oxygen
Try not to box me in, I'm lovestruck on some tough stuff
Hold me up like my spinal chord
You're mine and I'm yours
I gotta pray to the Lord
Please send me what I'm waitin' for, come on

[Interlude: Ab-Soul]
Yeah. (I'm waitin') I'm waitin', man. One day. One day it'll happen, you know what I'm sayin' (I'm waitin'). One day it'll all make sense like Common Sense, you know. (I'm waitin') Yeah. I'm waitin' patiently. (I'm waitin') Man, I love this shit. Look at my, look at my grown man up. Snap my fingers. Once again. (I'm waitin') To the rhythm. To the rhythm. (I'm waitin') Let it ride. Let it ride, uh. Let it ride. Yeah. Beautiful people. (I'm waitin') Uh, yeah

[Outro]
Uh oh, crazy