[Intro]
Yea, nigga gotta new, nigga gotta new mixtape out
That shit up on Limewire, type that shit in

[Verse 1]
One time for your mind!...
How do you do? Enough about me how about you?
I'm in any and everything that you do
I'm worldwide with it, You never heard of me?
Your deaf, everybody caught up in my webs
Spiders getting jealous, I can make you feel connected
I can show you whatever you wanna know in a second
You got a clique? Well I'mma click away from everything
You host a club, I host information on everything
Cut from a different cloth, Microsoft
So I can communicate with you all
I like to stare out windows for days
I'm a browser, we might be on the same page
And I got impeccable Aim
I could show the world your message even when you away
Know what I'm saying?
Oh you think I'm insane?
You better not still trying to remember my name
At first when I came, I moved through the wire
And now I'm even airborne but you can't even see me flying
I'm the messiah of science, the titan of technology
You couldn't go a day without acknowledging me
Your kids stay up late just to holla at me
They ain't gotta be over eighteen
To peep my sites, I show 'em how I get down
Wouldn't believe what they see when you ain't around
I got all the access from sex to addresses
Soon as it gets uploaded I gotta show it
Shit, you heard of about it, I gotta know it
Fill me in, username and password, lets begin

[Hook]
I got like six new friend requests on MySpace, yes!
That's me
Facebook poppin'
That's me
DJ Quik, follow me on Twitter
That's me
Oh shit, I don't know, just Google it then
That's me

[Verse 2]
Haha, I'm so player
I kick it with the Macs
Told you about my web, I can even make my web chat
I'm also known invading your privacy
You know, credit card fraud, piracy
Them my homies, they be idolizing me
Cause I move so smooth on 'em
If he did it, she did it, I got news on 'em
And I ain't stubborn, I let people shares they views on 'em
Could even show you how to get to 'em if you want 'em
I been seen the future moving in my direction
I kept America online, no question
And I ain't stop there, I made a foreign connection
So you can meet people anywhere you select shit
My plan is to have my hands in everything as if I don't
Get rid of pens, pencils, and paper with the holes
Some people act like they don't love though
This rapper named Ab-Soul, he a prime example
He always got something negative to say about me
When he with his friends but he couldn't go a day without me
Leave him with a stale face when he checks his MySpace
He a disgrace, How he expect play without me
Ain't got no budget for radio
His Day In A Life video, I made show I made him known
And I could do the same for you
You can even Ask Jeeves, he'll tell Yahoo!

[Outro]
Yea just go ahead MapQuest the directions and print 'em out
That's me
My homie homie, I'm telling you man, I seen him on YouTube today
That's me
Hey yea my little sister just went to prom
Yea I'mma email you the pictures, what's your email?
That's me
AllThatAss.com?
That's me
What's my credit card number?