[Intro: Solomon Childs]
CHAMBERMUSIK.Com, boy!
Peep the paralized talk, uh-huh
Peep the paralized talk, uh-huh, huh, huh, huh
Peep the paralized talk, huh
Peep the paralized talk, huh, huh, huh

[Solomon Childs]
Peep the paralized talk, Ranita cousin Grimes
They say he got dealings, in New York City's recent
Alphabet crimes, what's funny
Son down south in North Caroline, cracked out
Destroyed in his mind, it puzzles me sometimes
How the feds, never got the whole story
Put pretend, like every hand's in place, like the afro of Robert Horry
This old lady rose, swift on her toes
Pushing the forties, Glock nines, tray fevers
Up north niggas, check her out, when they come home
To get their first diva, Uncle Peter fix your old station wagon
But part timer'll break down and cleaning all your cannon
Uh, you can say my family, like the black Sopranos
Between the paraphernalia cycles, domestic violence channels
Seen a lot of Supreme Court panels
I ain't saying I'm scared of the people, shit
This for the people, I come across, like an animal
But'll front, and break you down and beat you deaf like an anvil
The weather's so hot, but, my family want blood
I'm standing so on top, like the A-Bomb
And want blow, bigger, nigga

[Interlude: Solomon Childs]
I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it... fucker...
Ya'll niggas ain't ready for me, man
Stand behind that nigga, when we come gunning for him
We gonna hit your bitch ass, too

[Solomon Childs]
Swerve like a samurai, nigga
Tam or ride, nigga, you up on your own, nigga
You gon' have me put one all up in your bones, nigga
Stupid, what's really wrong, man?
How many times I gotta tell you I'm running this shit for real, man
I'll come through your hood, blow you out, in your hood
In front of your barbershop, in your hood
I ain't try'nna..... get down with you
Relate to you... feel me? In any way, move with you
You ass, nigga, we know already
You ain't never bust nobody, you ain't never clapped nobody
You hear, you hear, what's wrong?
What you think this is a game? These Killa Mob niggas'll
Throw the toast to your nose, plus
Bust sperm in your dame, shit
I'm real McCoy with it, street level, heroin of Roy with it
Mow 'em down, move 'em on, move 'em on, mow 'em down, nigga, it's on

[Interlude: Solomon Childs]
Fuck, man, what's good, nigga, I'm running this man
I got my own Mob, doing my thing, nigga I move too smooth, man
Ya'll niggas try and follow, man, hehehe, ya'll niggas stupid, man, go
Head, nigga

[Cappadonna]
Feds hit the mansion last week, on some King Kong
Shots tapping on the door, like it was ping pong
Shells hit the door bell, it went ding dong
I couldn't take it no more, I dropped my ring-ding
Flashbacks in my mind, visions of Sing-Sing
Cut your face...