[Intro]
Come on
Ch'yeah
Meth, where you at?

[Verse 1: Method Man]
My flow? Everlastin'
My lines? Never lackin'
Even on Christmas Eve, I out rhyme whoever rappin'
Slime, shoulda tapped in (Uh)
But he blind to the facts and, um
What the album, track one
Time for some action (Haa)
Past time for the last time I rhymed in this fashion
True Religion, he never thought he'd die in his fashion
But I got time today, if you dyin' then ask him (Uh huh)
Bars, forensic science, that's if you tryna catch 'em
Lord, I think I'm over it, I ain't over here actin'
I say it over and over, I ain't overreactin' (Woo)
What you picture is death, I'm just closin' the caption
Who knows if I'ma blow, I just got my nose in a napkin (Choo)
Super Saiyan, technically, I'm electrifyin'
To be specific, what I specifically specifyin'
See that's progression and I'm especially rectifyin'
Any confessions, I don't expect to be testifyin'

[Verse 2: Cappadonna]
So pure now, killa, ain't nothin' gon' move
Meth Lab's back (We're back!), pardon the goons
Back in the kitchen with it smellin' of fumes (Smell it!)
Charged water, hard crack wit' a spoon
Staten Island, straight up, fuck the platoons (Fuck 'em!)
Heard the meth heads callin' you
Meanwhile it's mumble rappers soundin' kinda foreign (Soundin' foreign!)
Find 'em pressed with Molly, tourin'
The man deplorin', nah, we never go live
We either gettin' live, edit that (Edit that!)
Protectin' our guys, get it?
Y'all talk about it while we live it
Y'all live stream and think you litted
Ain't seen a face to face in a minute (Nope)
Call 'em exquisite, come and crumble your waves
I got that lithium for days
Homie, sharpenin' blades, yuh
It's Mr. Parker, he get sharper wit' age
Be at your door with the beard, I ain't talkin' no raids, fuckers
Black mufflers got the cowards afraid
We make the situation grave
We'll better dismantle your trades, nigga

[Verse 3: Masta Killa]
This is no glove hittin' the bar, bill open hand, callous slap
Rough, ashy knuckles spark, split your face rap
The quick loose your tooth jab, the fifty two clap
A hunnid rounds backin' 'em down, the house trapped (Uh)
We still keep a bat in the back, the the bone crack (Uh)
Still spittin' actual facts for bank stacks
Cue ball in the sock from the pool rack, snap his neck back
Every time I think I'm out, I get pulled back
It's like I relapse and catch a flashback
I took the contract to kill an emcee (Uh) so masterfully
So who better than me since '93
Get you tied to a tree as a target if you wanna be

[Verse 4: Hanz On]
Yo, I'm a old young nigga (Uh huh), I do it for sure (What?)
White Filas, white fitted cherry velour (Uh)
I keep hunnies on my side like Al B. Sure (Come on)
I throw my chain in the crowd when you see me on tour (Yeah)
I'm at The Meth Lab re'in-up, I'm ready to score (Get it)
Hanz On, Methical, Cappadonna, it's hardcore (Huh)
This ain't a gang sign, naw, homie, it's war (Yeah)
Fatigue Timberlands on, camouflage door
Sniper team on deck, enemies abort (B-r-r-r-ap)
Staten Island, New York
Homicide Hillary (Uh huh)
The Black X six, heavy artillery (Soo)
I'm laughin' at y'all, you rappers is killin' me
Pop your wardrobe (Uh), yeah, I do it for love
In my block, homie, yeah (What?), they do it for slugs
Smacks hands with the homeboy, show that thug (Come on)
And never pop nothin' if you can't look 'em in the mug (Homicide)