[Intro: Chris Brown]
What's new?
Go-go-go-good work Charlie

[Verse 1: Chris Brown & French Montana]
This is what I go through
Wake up and I pour a shot
Listen to some old school
Then I turn on the TV (hey!)
Oh, I gotta find my tree
Oh my goodness, baby, please
On your knees, before you leave, uh-huh (hey!)

[Verse 2: French Montana & (Chris Brown)]
Mama, I'm sorry but I just can't let these bitches breath
If I did, they gon' treat me like I'm baggin' in the streets (hey!)
I got to draw the line, they ain't ever need to be
If I’m savin’ Charlie, I'm sorry, you know that shit was weak (hey!)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & French Montana]
Money have you actin' like you fuckin' captain save a hoe
Just because you got it, it don't mean you gotta spend the dough (hey!)
Payin' for lots of champagne, while I'm smackin' campaign
Dollar signs, all these fine girls, make it rain (hey!)

[Verse 3: French Montana & (Chris Brown)]
Comin' down off Xanax, now I feel insane
Wake me up, baby girl, let me know, what's your name? (Hey!)
Now I cut through that coke, baby, I broke through them doors, baby
Keep it 100, pure baby, keep it trill, we can ball, baby (hey!)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & French Montana]
Money have you actin' like you fuckin' captain save a hoe
Just because you got it, it don't mean you gotta spend the dough (yeah, hey!)
Payin' for lots of champagne, while I'm smackin' campaign (huh!)
Dollar signs, all these fine girls, make it rain (hey!)

[Verse 4: Chris Brown]
Know that I'm gon' get it back
She throwin' money and rockin' her raincoat (woo!)
Put designer on her back (yeah)
This Louboutin strapped 'round her ankles (hey!)
Every nigga tryna fuck
I'ma lace you up and then we gon' make love (ugh)
Your car note, that's paid for (yeah)
We should start when we wake up (woo!)
My bitch she play her part, yeah, she know her place, huh
She be with the shit, bringin' pussy my way (hey, woo!)
Niggas talkin' that bullshit, get the fuck out my face
Yeah, know that you ain't tryna scrap
And come with security, came with the strap (brap)
I’m paintin' a face on you clowns
Didn’t know I came with the rounds?
Silencers, just so you don’t hear the sounds
You know them choppers get loud (hey!)
You know my diamonds real
So that .45 got a 30 on it
You know I get it how I live
Sometimes, need that dirty money (hey!)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & French Montana]
Money have you actin' like you fuckin' captain save a hoe
Just because you got it, it don't mean you gotta spend the dough (hey!)
Payin' for lots of champagne, while I'm smackin' campaign
Dollar signs, all these fine girls, make it rain (hey!)
Money have you actin' like you fuckin' captain save a hoe
Just because you got it, it don't mean you gotta spend the dough (hey!)
Payin' for lots of champagne, while I'm smackin' campaign
Dollar signs, all these fine girls, make it rain (hey!)