[Hook]
Fuck wrong with these niggas, huh? What?
You got me fucked up
You, you fucking with a real nigga
Get your man, dog. What? Alright
You fuck around, get killed nigga. What?
Calm down, I get it cracking, lil nigga, alright. Calm Down
Fuck around, get killed nigga

[Verse 1]
Come and take this walk with me through these Philly streets
Where niggas get smoked, knocked out they sneaks
Balling with them 30s, clutching on that heat
Mask on at your door, ain’t no trick or treat
Only fuck with real niggas that’s gonna ride
I clap five, pussy nigga, make your mama cry
Juiced and perked up (a bunch of angry niggas.)
Niggas pussies, I don’t hang with niggas
I can’t bang, I can’t slang with niggas
I get in my bag, I start banging niggas
I’m maxing out, I’m in the booth now
G-G-Going hard, doin' this shit for Snupe now
You see a target, better shoot, clown
They want me stacking macros, eating soups now
Core back to care, where my Zeus now
Suck niggas

[Hook]

[Verse 2: French Montana]
Niggas pussy, I don’t hang with niggas
Free Pee, free Max, they tryna hang my niggas
Niggas broke, probably mixing up the coke with the dirty Sprite
Run up on your Ghost with a dirty bike
Talk work, you know we got it
Catch him slipping, know we got him too late to make shanum
We done started from the ground, nigga
Drop bag man, lift you with the ground, nigga
Hottest and they up, is you stupid, nigga?
Coke Boys shout to Melly, RIP Snupe nigga
Money never changed us, never changed niggas
Same street, same beef, we the same niggas
Now from the plane to the boat, from the boat to the plane
For the game, slanging coke
Fuck wrong with these niggas?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Lately I’m full of niggas got me fucked up
I'm chasing money out here, tryna come up
They like "Do we ride? Do his guns (?)"
Well check my resume, you got me fucked up
Been a wild nigga ever since a young buck
Making sales all day, I’m so hard, am I nuts?
It’s all for pay, still I ain’t made enough
All these rapping niggas wannabees acting up
Rock a bottle, shake them down, show them who’s rapping now
All we know is on sight, we can get it cracking now
Never will you catch me slip, always keep my ratchet, clown
Hands on with the situation (never backing down)
Never was a pussy nigga, never got smacked around
Last nigga tried on my life, he got popped around
Clap nigga, clown with me, I ain’t came to fuck around
We gonna slide on these niggas

[Hook]