[Intro]
We wasn't really doin' that shit for money, dog, we was in there. Niggas in there talkin' about our lives, niggas is, niggas is baldin' and we was, niggas was like blood. We was doin' our shit, that shit was fun, we was doin' that shit 'cause we believed in this shit. So nigga don't really believe in this shit no more, it's like everything's wannabe if you come out with some shit too, too heavy on these niggas... That shit gon' fly over these nigga's heads. You know I'm sayin'? So I be like damn, like I don't know, like you know what I'm sayin'? I be tryna do it on these niggas, what you really wanna do? Like you might need some old conscious shit man, I'm tellin' you

[Interlude: Chris Brown & French Montana]
Now these towns, they all know my name
(La musical de Harry Fraud)
Too many snakes around us, them bright lights are too fake
Ayy, ayy, ayy, Montana

[Verse: French Montana]
They threw me in the black hole, had to climb up
Once Chinx passed, I took some time off
They hated on the wave, now they ride the wave
My baby momma trippin', tryna get my son to hate me
Told me, "Watch out for Diddy, he jerked every artist"
But once I got with Diddy, I bought my mom a marble
Big homie right, it's lonely at the top
Fuck rap, he got me right, millions on Ciroc
And told Rozay, happy b-day, kept it real with me
Always kept it hunnid, nowhere near 50
I got straight to the bacon, as-salāmu ʿalaykum
Straight from the jungle to the lion's gate
Never been a fuckboy, you can ask Trina
All the glimpse and chains, nigga belong to the game
I was ridin' in the hoopty with the five choppers (brrrr)
Now I'm ridin' in the Wraith, bitch, with 5 Oscars (ha)
I was tryna ball like Kyle Watson
But the system knocked me down like Bernard Hopkins
Sittin' in the crib dreamin' about a G5 and Benzes
Why street rap ain't sellin' like Kendrick?
If I was you too, I would think I was illuminati
Shoot the devil between the eyes for that new Bugatti (brrrr)
Can't get to the money when hoes in the way
Mac and Cheese 4 on the way
Montana

[Outro: Chris Brown]
Now these towns, they all know my name
Too many snakes around us, them bright lights are too fake
Ooh, this fast money, what can I say? Don't believe that everyone's 1 hunna
Jealousy could be from the one you love