Take your pants off
Welp, we just wanna see you naked
Blah blah blah, with all your bullshit
Xxx crossing out the hit list
Hunter moore on speed dial
Youll be famous for awhile
Bamf mode has been activated
Why did our love grown complicated
Cheated on me and broke my heart
Gonna show the world your private parts
A bright idea popped in my head
Figured out a way to get even instead
Found a website called i-a-u
And guess what honey!
Im gonna post your n00dz
Revenge is best served cold and sweet
So face the music and accept defeat
Payback when i click submit
Game over on all these tricks
You better think fuckin twice
Or ill ruin your life
Is anyone up? is anyone down?
To get revenge on this fuckin town
Is anyone up? is anyone down?
Well upload your shit
And well take you down
You always said you would die to be famous
But you never thought it would be because of your anus
You fucked up when you fucked around
Another e slut making mom and dad proud
Photoshoppin my revenge
God knows where that ass has been
Every guy whos texted you had a little piece or two
That shits no longer my concern
Mess with me and feel the burn
N b to the h n c!!!
Write it on your ass and send it to me!
Straight to the gutter from where you came
That sloppy slut pussy got you fame
Call it that but you got it all wrong
Your face is famous for suckin my dong
See you crying. whats the problem?
Post your n00dz. girl i straight robbed em
Your facebook
Screen cap
Reaction pic
Fap! fap! fap!
Is anyone up? is anyone down?
To get revenge on this fuckin town
Is anyone up? is anyone down?
Well upload your shit and well take you down
You always said you would die to be famous
But you never thought it would be because of you anus
You fucked up when you fucked around
Now another e slut making mom and dad proud
Your mama is gonna love what youve become
Diamond plated princess, with a mouth full of cum
Wrapped in a head lace and a head full of dumb
This is the start not a war, bitch, i already won
Hey motherfucker tell me whose laughing now?
All these bitch boy motherfuckin faggots with their asses out
Dont try to justify, this isnt revenge
This is what you had coming to you in the end
You said you always wanted to be famous
And now youre the entertainment (x4)
Dont blame me or say i ruined your life
An invasion of privacy, yeah fucking right
So keep sucking dick and telling your lies
But if you send n00dz, better think fuckin twice
You better think fuckin twice!!!
And i fucked your mom