Bardom

What up Razzy?
Styles upon styles upon styles is what I have
[?] fucking you
I'm the idol, the highest title, numero uno

[Verse 1: Ras Kass]
Let me explain something to y'all niggas (LET'S GO!)
Nigga
Bardom is Malcolm stardom is Martin
Stardom is tricky, bardom is charging
For everything they did to the Cold Crush and larger (YUP)
Bardom is martyrdom, bardom is sparking
Stardom's the talking snake (UH), bardom's the garden (YEAH)
The bars is the scars of a billion soldiers marching
Written in margins this bardom, straight outta Carson
The Joker escaped outta Arkham
Bardom is facts, stardom is charged so when rich [?] Oscars, bardom is being the best without one
Stardom is televised cyphers, bardom is being nice enough to start one
Stardom is upper Westside, bardom is Harlem
Stardom is Hollywood, bardom is Bompton
Bardom is flocking, stardom is pussy ass niggas playing possum
Bardom is the art form, hood on wheels like Steven Hawking
Stardom is when all the narcs come
In gambling spots with Big L that's bardom, so why he only certified gold when post-mortem?

[Samples]
Rap is not pop, if you call it that then stop
And who the fuck are you?
Your idol, the highest title, numero uno
Numero uno papichulo stickin dicks to yo chick culo


[Verse 2: KRS-One]
Look!
Dudes want stardom me I want bardom
Bardom is soul and a lotta dudes ain't got 'em
Beats I will ride 'em cyphers I'm in sodom
Spitting that bardom superstars we harm 'em
Be a real dude or move that's bardom
Acronyms hitting 'em right down to the bottom
[?] bardom, mics I spark 'em and harm 'em
Ras Kass he blast fast while Kris parks 'em
Everybody know KRS-One don't start 'em
He'll let a rapper get real high 'fore he drop 'em
Bardom, he walks in the club nobody guards him
Old school, he's seen it all no one alarms him
Bardom, bardom boom-bip the bardom
Put me in a cypher Kris will rip all them
Thanks to the bardom Ras Kass they on 'em
This season real skills are fading like Autumn
Bring the bardom back I spit bars like a almanac
I spit bars where them barbers at
Spray can? Huh, we bombing that
I be way out in Asia where Vietnam is at
Spitting the bardom rap, with my bardom blacks
Nineties hip-hop we rock all of that
Don't boom-bap bardom tracks
Yo Razzy I'm on it black you need to call me back

[Verse 3: Ras Kass]
Blue maroon rugs to my red bottoms
So even the hood I'm walking the red carpet
No paparazzi poison you King Joffreys
New minstrel show GRAMMYs and Oscar Nazis
I'm a mensch you can ask my Oscar Nazis how I be
Pink game on bars like Ronda Rousey
Me and Big Pun shared a pint of Henny Pac wanted sixty tickets to my show and called Priority
Really, I can't make this shit up
You got ghostwriters dog, you can't make this shit up
We respect the next man skill
Stardom hops on ya dick after you sell a mill
So I was giving Eminem the mic 'cause brother could rhyme
Talking Slim Shady with the brown hair, brown eyes
No Dre just Tech and Sway
In a room full of hungry ass rappers you expected to slay
Bardom
I didn't choose this life I guess it's in my DNA, not a VMA
'Cause substance, what more could you ask from me?
Soul On Ice, "Nature Of The Threat", Blasphemy
Just never got that co-sign though, what up Hov?
GOOD Music, Rhymesayer with fat beats and Stones Throw
Shoutout Mello, street music pedigree
Forever turning felonies to melodies bardom

Yo
Yeah
KRS
Hit these dudes up

[Outro Sample: Muhammad Ali]
And I'm better now, than I was, when you saw that 22-year-old undeveloped kid
I'm experienced now, I'm professional
Been broke, been lost, knocked down a couple times
Bad, been chopping trees I done something new for this fight
I done wrestled with a alligator
That's right, I have wrestled with a alligator
I done tussled with a whale
I done handcuffed lightning, throwed thunder in jail
That's bad
Only last week, I murdered a rock
Injured a stone, hospitalised a brick
I'm so mean I make medicine sick
Bad, fast, fast! Fast!
Last night I cut the light off in my bedroom, hit the switch was in the bed before the room was dark
Fast!
I'ma show you, how great I am