You right...I am crazy
But you know what else?
I don't give a fuck

[Verse 1]
I'm a boss running amok not giving a fuck
I run shit like two Brazilians putting some in a cup
Lit flamethrower with taking a dump
Next to a A-list actress while she's taking a bump
Get a gun, even unarmed police aiming at us
And when Mexicans kill all the white folk blame it on Trump
I'm not the flavor of the month I'm the man in the iron mask
Locked deep in the dungeon discredit me and erase my past
Erase my name off the pyramids 'cause they fear the kid
Attempt to wipe out my royal lineage
I'm selfish, everybody should help me
I'm the wedding photographer who only takes selfies
Kicking ya studio door knock and quiver to the floor
Colt white Forces bubblegum bottom he won't do shit
Stomp ya hard drive the bitch promo CD to toothpicks
And a pair of size nines and call it soul music
Jerry Heller and Eazy are more Ruthless
I move with the speed of 5G for the blueprint
Fuck you spectators
I bet you hate us I'ma come up with something masturbators on escalators

[Hook: Ras Kass & Bishop Lamont]
No fucks given
Bishop from Juice is how I'm living (NIGGA!)
No fucks given
Bishop from Juice is how I'm living (MESSAGE!)
No fucks given
Bishop from Juice is how I'm living (BITCH!)
No fucks given
Bishop from Juice

[Verse 2]
Watching rappers and R&B singers wait till they get paid
Who goes platinum, turns thirty years old then joins a gang?
WTF? Oh and Jay Z, cold getting extorted dog I know how the game be
Lames probably Angry Birds, don't blame me
Take it out on the pigs, [?] full riot gear
When you peacefully protect's killing unarmed children
But heavily armed white malicious federal buildings (What?)
And not a single cop car in site
If black lives matter who murdered Tamir Rice?
And I done gained more flame than a crack fiend's pipe
Face-to-face vers' my image bomb battling daylight
Ooh that's nuts nigga
Even the [?] get a passport
I be in the streets like the Road Runner
Known stunna, ask the Queen of England for her phone number
DM a dick pic and send it back to wrong number
Bionical bone-hunter
So the cap still peal, whether [?] or the lone gunner
Break bread, or we aim for the head
Pablo Escobar said "The silver or the lead?"

[Hook: Ras Kass & Bishop Lamont]
No fucks given (No fucks given)
Bishop from Juice is how I'm living (It's how we living nigga!)
No fucks given
Bishop from Juice is how I'm living (Dig that!)
No fucks given
Bishop from Juice is how I'm living (It's how we live erryday!)
No fucks given (Right?)
Bishop from Juice (MESSAGE!)

Yeah nigga
It's Bishop Lamont nigga C-Arson in this bitch, riding with my nigga Ras Kass


I don't give a fuck about you
I don't give a fuck about Steel
And I don't give a fuck about Raheem either
I don't give a fuck about myself
Look I ain't shit
I ain't never gon' be shit
And you less of a man than me so soon as I decide that you ain't gon' be shit
Pow
So be it
You remember that motherfucker!
'Cause I'm the one y'all need to be worried about
PATNA!