[Intro]
Just look at us, everything is backwards. Everything is upside down. Doctors destroy health. Lawyers destroy justice. Universities destroy knowledge. Governments destroy freedom. The major media destroys information and religions destroy spirituality. That's where we are!

[Sample]
"As you look...up to the sky
Oh God"

[Ras talking]
Uh. What niggas be saying? Church. Hahaha. You're gonna "church" your ass all the way to Hell nigga. Deliver us from evil. Amen!

[Verse One]
All I want for Christmas is a big booty whore
A Maybach coupe and a Playstation 4
Praise the Lord
I'm playing the Temptations
Motown, Apollo Brown a D conversation
Not a nomination, not a mason, not Obamanation
Not Osama/Satan, not healthcare.gov
I don't got a lot of patience, my inauguration out of hibernation
I'm sovereign, Moorish, a one man nation
"Oh God"
So many bitches I should share 'em
But homie you a bender, the eunuch in a harem
King Solomon's Mines, Father Time
Yet you would turn water to wine
So I'm drunk enough to turn your average daughter to dimer
Beverly Hills messiah, plastic surgeon's, Delilah
New tits, bad witch just to trick Samson
In the barber chair but still strong, where's my handgun?

[Hook]
Every second precious 'fore the Terminator's catch us
Plug us in the Matrix, turn our brains in to ketchup
The Matrix called "the cloud", Terminator's is the drones
Humans are genetically modified clones
"God"
Deliver us from evil
Deliver us from evil
"God"
Deliver us from evil
Deliver us from evil
"Oh God"

[Verse Two]
The British throne really German
Family named the Battenbergs
'Bout as royal as Duck Dynasty in Johannesburg
They ask me if I'm Muslim cause I don't eat swine
Nah, let's call it kosher, my original culture
Crime what Hitler did to Jews by the Rhine
But two wrongs don't make it right when you occupy Palestine
And white Christians, mission assisting the end times
Gon' flip they wigs when Jesus the cast of Good Times
Black skin, big lips, hair full of dreads
Prolly got his music bumping, why He can't hear our prayers
'Pac wondered If Heaven Got A Ghetto
Marlon Brandon tweeted me, "Heaven is Soweto"
A lot of poor east Asians, niggas and Latinos
Heaven is Highland Park in Puerto Rico
And if you hate our color brother, I should let you know
There's another place down below, where you can go

[Hook]

[Outro: Ras Kass]
Let us pray. Our father who art in Heaven. Hollowed by thy name. Thy kingdom come. They will be done on Earth As It Is In Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil.