[Intro]
Yo, yo I like rehabilitated hood rats who keep their hair and nails done and they legs waxed

[Verse 1]
Listen, I'm young and off the hook
You want a game face? Playa, just read my book chapter fo'
That's How To Mack A Ho Fo' Sho'
I got a go-go dancer with more side to side than a low low
Trojan Magnum should be my logo
Cause women give me the skins West Indian, Dominican, Caribbean
To Switzerland, tipsy with a proper gypsy
Shoving this dick down her throat
While she wondering "Why won't this nigga kiss me?"
I used to fuck for free
Now I want everything I can get from a bitch except H.I.V
Me, Money B and Klee
Festival at the lake
Jones Beach to Freaknik
Bitches eat dick
And innocent girls eat dick too
So the trick is convincing that broad to fuck you
Met this pretty saditty girl, acting uptight
Had sucker for love buying her drinks the whole night
While she flipping, "Do you have a car?
Is yo' shit up to par?? Damn, a nigga need resume sitting at the bar
I said, "I kick it and sip liquids
What's up with you?
Where you from? Where's your baby daddy? Where your crew?
What's your occupation?
Do you have a phat car?"
"I'm a singer and a model." That's ebonics for "I fuck rap stars."
I told her half joking, "I'm an uppitty nigga
Not a Crystal swigger and like my women full figured
You still in a training bra, so back up off me
Ain't enough milk in those for a decent cup of coffee."
Then from my club to my crib, sucking on her A cups
Not a Jedi mind trick, we just met we can't fuck
"I don't do this very often and I want you to respect me
Not just sex me and forget me." Five minutes later...
I got her legs wide cocked
But the pussy was so deep a nigga thought he found Fraggle Rock
And I'm thinking to myself, "Ho miss me
Cause if I turned your pussy inside out
How big would your dick be?"

[Hook]
You said you was an angel didn't do nasty things
Must've got you too hot, burned off your wings
I talked you out your panties on a one night fling
Must've got you too hot, burned off your wings