[Intro: Ras Kass]
You want to talk to God? God never sleeps

[Hook: Ras Kass & God]
Now what came first, the chicken or the egg?
Armageddon, the Arm a Leg a Leg a Arm a Head (Ha)
Heading in your direction, the riddle was the answer to the question
Born of the flesh, what is perfection?

[Verse 1: Ras Kass & God]
Inside my mother's womb, doomed to return to the tomb
Or was it from the dead I was raised?
All too soon to pay on judgment day, is this beginning or the ending?
Died sinning, still winning, still grinning
This ending, verdict still pending, born pretending
Three-hundred billion men, women and children (Cringing)
Déjà vu, could be I'm dreaming but we all ask for divine reason
While still breathing and until leaving
Who? What? When? Where? How? But most of all why?
Why what? Do we live just to die?
The Book was written way before the apple got bitten
There is no God but me, mathematically, in division
My decision was all inventions
I need not mention infinite dimensions
But the human mind's flaw was limited comprehension
So while you try to travel to Mars and the stars
The God manifests through the entire universe
From the Sun, Moon, the Earth
I created man in my image and the black man was first
For scientific explanation, yeah I made man out of dirt
But how can a man be first, when it's the woman that's giving birth?
Listen, single-celled organisms to homo sapien to Albinism
What's that? White people
They keep the world separate and unequal
They teach you, right is wrong, wrong is right, up is down
Took the King off his throne, is the planet flat or round?
Can we really time travel and is there life in outer space?
Wait, you knew all this in the first place
You trying to get to God, but, I've fallen from your grace
A billion paths to take, but which one is truly straight?

[Hook: Ras Kass & God]
Now what came first, the chicken or the egg?
Pre-Adamites, the Arm a Leg a Leg a Arm a Head
Heading in your direction, the riddle was the answer to the question
Born of the flesh, what is perfection?
Now what came first, the chicken or the egg?
Armageddon, the Arm a Leg a Leg a Arm a Head
Can you walk across water or rise from the dead?
I heard he said he lived and the son of man bled

[Verse 2: Ras Kass, God & Satan]
It's a process, shit dont just happen, I create it
Everything you see and shit you don't, son I made it and waited
I'm the big bang theory and evolution
Been there, done that from revolution to prostitution
The first and final solution
The Quran, Bible and Vedas is only tools
Don't be confused when the medulla oblongata duels
Oh, so revelations is Genesis
360 degrees of limitless, Shit, I'm my own fucking nemesis
Who is you? Son, I thought you knew
Who else? Lucifer the light bearer stupid, the Devil himself
He the creator, we all the creations, guess I'm eternal damnation
Got you bitches seeking your own salvation
Who taught you how to pray?
'Cause you read it in the Book? Look, your bear witness to Amen-Ra
Every day when you say Amen
And then turn around and preach worshipping false Gods is an unforgivable sin
Yeah the good Book is like comic books, you take 'em too literal
I tricked you in to believing that the power to reason
Makes you able to live infinitely in the physical
Guess I'm the pro and con miracle
Basically I tell true lies in general, the yin and the yang
The player with a trillion years of game
He got you selling your spiritual for power, money and fame
I came out of triple stage darkness, gave mortals my attributes
But even you make me a mystery god like the lochness
Or use science to prove or disprove my existence
Tryna unlock this artificial intelligence cloned in a space station
Tryna build the Tower of Babylon, but you sadly mistaken
When I start erasing homo sapiens, you looking for angel with wings?
I'ma bring young niggas with a AK, fuck the aliens
So what you saying then? You the one who created sin
What you call Mother Nature is the nature of me
What you call evil ultimately was the force inside of me
Matter can't be created or destroyed, it just changes shape
One God, many people and many faiths
And this is how I wanted it done, wait, wait, hold up
Father tell me, who is God's son?

[Hook: Ras Kass & God]
And what came first, the chicken or the egg?
Pre-Adamites, the Arm a Leg a Leg a Arm a Head
Heading in your direction, the riddle was the answer to the question
Born of the flesh, what is perfection?
What came first, the chicken or the egg?
Armageddon, the Arm a Leg a Leg a Arm a Head

[Verse 3: Ras Kass, God & Satan]
I be the Jesus to your Buddha, the Krishna at your Jumah
The big kahuna, Jehovah's Witness in suede pumas
Zeus, Pharaoh, Elohim, Saturn, Yahweh, Jah
Rastafari, Allah, The Most High
But then, only that, I'm not
I'm the oceans, the trees, a bumble bee and a Glock
Earthquakes or how much money you'll ever take
The reason behind every mistake mankind continually makes
Did God create man or did man need to create God?
The answer is both 'cause how mortals look at God is odd
You try to customize me to be comfortable
For what you want to do and how you choose to act
The Pope and Christians will tell you God ain't black
But to get something from nothing is physically impossible, that's a fact
Black is the combination of all colors, white is the lack thereof
Darkness is beneath the ground and in the skies up above
The clue is that the true illumination is me not Illuminati
'Cause I alone discriminate and eliminate
Any who be believing they can rationalize our out-reason He
Who created your creature, the student can never be greater than the teacher
Whether it's Adam and Eve or atomic chemistry
I'm the one true source of all energy
Who will eventually destroy every enemy when I see fit
I can't blaspheme my own name so when Goddamnit, so be it
Thats called the wrath of God, but we gotta deal, I can chill
Fuck up the whole world and in the end
He'll still fulfill his plan to restore man to his original position
Nigga gave me some hooks and said I gets to go fishin'
I gave man dominion over the Earth to master the wealth
But most of my children don't have dominion over theyself
That's where I come in, call it original sin
But, who really gives a flying fuck?
I taught you how to blood suck and ultimately self destruct
Know the ledge, wise the dome, do the data
I'm the alpha, I'm the beta and I'm omega
To be or not to be was man's question since conception
I think therefore I am was man's perception
But the birth is the resurrection
The son of God (Christ) or God's son that lights our entire spectrum
You got everlasting life as long as you got day and night
Illumination, not education to bring the blind sight
And what you need to know is that you'll never know it all
I'm a lowercase g, son of the (ever-living God)