I'm bad for your health, make you swallow your medallions
So next time you shit you strangle yourself
Niggas fadangle for wealth, hell is so close the angels gon' melt
And ain't no more help
Show a motherfucka love motherfucka's show hate
Till you snap and cap that nigga with the gat by your waste
Touched by a barrel then grab a nigga by his bone marrow
Alone, Alero, Echo apparel
Doing 135 miles per hour on a one way street that's just way too narrow
Realize doe bubble, and everybody love you
But you ain't nothing but trouble when you struggle
People only care when they get the short end of the stick
If you hurting and they happy ain't giving a shit
My baby mom's want to talk about buying a new truck
When she just lost 2 cars plus my Lexus what the fuck
I'm like stab me in the heart already
While her girlfriend's, convincing her to dead me
Like I'm some bum nigga, never treated her right
Fuck domestic violence I started beating the mic
Everything I ever spoke, the realest shit I ever wrote
So why feel? never will forever won't, is this love?

Hook
Is this love, all the hate and all the lies, is this love?
All the hate deep inside, is this love?
These niggas hate on they niggas cause they love they riches
Is this love, all the hate and all the lies, is this love?
Man I gotta analyze is this love? Man what you giving me is this love?
These niggas hate on they niggas cause they love these bitches

Some homegirls call me pretty; homeboys call me grimy
Just pretty grimy leave everything above sea-level slimy
Don't like me- don't buy me! still gon' reign
3000 miles from home 69 cent to my name
And still soldiered that shit out, what could you take from me?
But the L to the O to the V to the E
And I don't work for the Patch, I got jerked by the patch
Robbed his childhood friend now how fucked up is that?
Tricking on hoes and I could barely afford a snack somedays
And Sundays I sit back seething
Meaning to get even all NFL season
Like fuck humanbeings but I chill with the heathens
Some of ya'll niggas fuck it up for the black people
And some of ya'll so evil you worse than the white people
They say it's lonely at the top well it's crowded and miserable at the bottom
Company? I'm not him

Hook
Is this love, all the hate and all the lies, is this love?
All the hate deep inside, is this love?
These niggas hate on they niggas cause they love they riches
Is this love, all the hate and all the lies, is this love?
Man I gotta analyze is this love? Man what you giving me is this love?
These niggas hate on they niggas cause they love these bitches