[Round 1: Pat Stay]
John John Da Don
What's your puppies name? Jean Claude The Dog?
Pat Stay, I tell these cats straight, you got the most mix matched face
Chipmunk cheeks, monkey ears and a bat face
Hate his guts, be like, "Look at that?" Bang
Neck chop, head drop, lady had a bad day
You think cause I'm from Canada we don't clap thangs
Man, my chick bust shells like a hatched egg
Just cause we in Atlanta, don't try to Brave
I kick up dust like Chipper Jones in his last game
Man, I don't like your whole energy
Get too close next to me
Hennessy, popped at his head like an old memory
No thought, robot, battery sold separately
Now he got his Head I.C.E. , I Control Everything
Look, I'm old school like tear aways
The beef ain't done but I see blood like a rare steak, let it marinate
Ignorant, I see a bum sleeping, jack his spare change
And step on his head like a high top stair fade
Bitch, I'm the wrong one
Yo, he ain't strapped, if he lifts his shirt, his glasses fogged up
Black on black crime, yo look in the brown eyes of this shotgun
I wish this brother would/wood I'd turn his ass into saw dust
Aww shucks, aww shucks, aww snap, the god's back
All black, smoke shades, gold chain with the claw clasp
[?] ball cap with some contrast, all that
Fox on my nuts like a review of my ballsack
Aww snap
Y'all done brought back the wrong Pat
That raw rap, punches through the roof like Mortal Kombat
Watch me outdo you
If John scraps, as soon as I see John hand cock (Hancock) that's the sign to give him all caps
Aww snap
Let me take these frames off
James Bond, 007, let's get this game on
You see me look at my watch, I'm not checking the time
Cross enemy lines then boom this proximity's mine
Till your face gets split out wide
I'll drop Johnny On The Spot if we take this shit outside
Oh I know a couple grimy landscapers looking for work
So if John dare (Deere) test me they'll peel the sawed (sod) off and put in the dirt
But what are you gonna say to me?
Make me look like a racist or try to steal the crowd away from me
Yeah? I knew it!
That's what I thought, that's what you gotta do
Exaggerate all the struggles of pain in your life
That I could never understand or can't relate cause I'm white
Like, "Yeah white boy, what you know about being poor
And all you got to eat is gun?"
Listen here fucking freckle face
Arthur The Aardvark looking sucker
Big ass nerdy fucking bifocals, suck a dick fucking bitch
You ain't got these folks fooled, you white as snow dude
His idea of soul food is tofu
And don't even try that gangsta shit with me
It's not you dude, Honey Boo Boo in FUBU it doesn't suit you
260 pounds hard body, fuck a deuce deuce
I could probably pick up a bullet and chuck it right fucking through you
Dawg, this a one round body like Bruce Bruce
I said, John John Da Don
Bet that story is so interesting
Must've patented that name instantly
I remember vividly how sad I was when I seen that "Pat Pat The Don" is copy written, jeesh
Now go ahead and spit your garbage, start screaming cause that's all you do
Wrote this shit in 24 hours and still bodied you
What's up?!

[Round 1: John John Da Don]
Now I knew me taking a race angle may be predictable
But what else am I supposed to talk about with these fucked up conditions that we living through?
It's in the news, cops killing black people like it's the thing to do
But when the white boys shoots up a black church, the same cops gon' bring him food
You've seen it too
Don't be looking like, "I'm Canadian eh, what you want me to do?"
Well since you here, make it clear you don't condone the shit your people do
Now let me guess, you're from another country right? I got the wrong guy?
Well I hate to break it to you white boy, but you came to the wrong place at the wrong time
We just lost an ATL legend, you don't gotta know...they know
But since I can't speak to the dead, ring on his head, that's my way of saying hello (halo)
I have shottas on the east, but they say he's from the west side
Well goddamn-
Hold on, set it off, like Stoney and watch every bitch in your crew die
Cause we pulled up with cans for you bums, now that's a food drive
I call a goon squad, tell 'em to sweep the whole room, that's a boom job
Better yet, put something in his bitch chest, make it a boob job
I know, I know, gun bars can be redundant
But I find it funny, I'm the gun king
Nigga I'm a king that got a line of guns
I'm sorry Rone
You sorry we can set that up after this
But for now it Pat turn, nity (paternity) test I show you who your daddy is
Just so you know I bet somebody half my pay
And from the looks of things I should be getting some extra cash today
Ain't you Irish?
No?
I was hoping some kind of luck get passed your way
But it's me that's seeing the green everywhere, this ain't Patrick's Day
But that's okay, cause you just stepped in my backyard, I'm comfortable
I don't even gotta try to act hard, but don't try that card
And say we bias like don't nobody rap with them
Cause I'ma let a .44 go behind him, now he got a cult (Colt) following
You got your fans fooled, you not a star you just a gassed bitch
So if you win you got them swayed see
I know your tactics
No reactions?
Don't worry, it's a good thing, y'all ain't catch it
I said, "Star, you went Swayze" that let's me know y'all ain't falling for none of Pat's tricks (Patrick)
Glasses, which one of you shiny motherfuckers said that shit?
My last shit?
Was a dog walk in the park, y'all see me bag shit
And you just lost to Serius Jones, the guy who Matt hit
And it was caught on TV so he may judge your honor if I show Math this (Mathis)
I'm active
50 different cities, 30 different leagues
That chain made you the King Of The Dot slave, you ain't get to leave
He said watching DNA and Charlie Clips go off the top is his biggest peeve
That's how I know you racist, cause you just hate seeing niggas free
I get it G's, you looking like you wanna say, "nigga please"
To say what you think we say as if you fitting in ease
But now that you been exposed for all your bullshit nigga schemes
I feel these people hate you more than Meek for what he did to Beans
Hollow, Calicoe, even Serius got him
But a hollow from this Calico will give you serious problems
So don't be surprised if he lose cause he never win
Funny how that compliment battle did vers' Rone was the nicest you ever been
You really did a compliment battle?
What in the holy fuck
So you had to come up with clever shit to make your opponent blush?
One minute you the Sucka Free Boss all swoll' and tough
Next minute you calling another man handsome more than Loaded Luxx
We know what's up
Cause you already dead it's just a time relapse
My mind went black and all you heard was bllllllllllllah!, like a Desiigner track
Ten shots, one in the stomach, guess where the other nine was at?
Pat head like a bitch with a weave she ain't trying to [?]
Be honest Pat, you feel out of place in this stage don't you?
You'll call the cops if I punch you in your face, won't you?
So save all that bully shit the birds I'll fuck you up with these glasses on call it Revenge Of The Nerds
This niggas a herb and there's no way he could fight
Could give a fuck how tall he is I'm still taking him light
But please don't say "The John" if you ain't saying it twice
Cause if you don't add "Da Don" you ain't saying it right