[Intro]:
Ladies and gentleman. The Rugged Intellect featuring the Waterproof MC. History in the making. Who would have thought it would ever happen? Rugged Intellect. Haha, what's good man? Waterproof MC nigga! Stand up! Haha East Mount. East Mount Clique

[Verse One: Rugged Intellect]
I reposes your lives
It's mandatory that you press rewind
You better recognize, I'm panoramic while you petrified
I'm not the best alive
But when I grab the mic and spit you could've swore it was holy the way I testify
I swore to never die, paragraphs electrify
Since you flex and fly, I'mma spray you with a pesticide
Rest your eyes
I keeps it gully when it's specified
And if it's memorized I'll kick the diction so you're mesmerized
Before we sever ties it's best advised to strike the clashes
I make examples of rappers and build my rites of passage
Here comes the righteous savage
This psychopathic, ??, they bite the wrap but I catch 'em and feed 'em nitrous gases
I like the fact that I'm the roughest of up and comers
Undercover brother, fuckin' your mother with busted rubbers
Man it's right or left
You either fight for breath or die for less
So get your license checked or fuck yourself like dykes in cyber sex

[Hook: Rugged Intellect] {x2}
It's Rugged I with the best from the west coast (west coast)
We keep it gully with fire that make your flesh roast (flesh roast)
The Intellect's dope, Rassy leave your neck broke
And on behalf of the whole team this is the next dose (next dose)

[Verse Two: Ras Kass]
Ayo, I'mma walkin' homicide
Lord of War in white bapes
If I wile out they gonna have to yellow tape the whole United States
Feelin' like I'm the only stinkin' human on The Planet Of The Ape
Can't manage to escape
Crash landed on the state
Named it California
Fornicated with porn stars, Greek hoes in Astoria
If losers pay for pussy shouldn't pussy pay players?
And if I spit three pointers ain't 16 just a lay up?
Been to church befo', put the money in the basket
Or we can go to church, put the dummy in the casket
It's on my own pops, I'm a self made bastard
Like Lazarus in Nazareth, dead man walkin'
Weird thing about life, nobody gettin' out alive
Cannibal, eat MC's, I just shitted out a spine
Psst, yo I'm just gettin' outta line
Rugged spittin' out design
I'm just givin' rappers time
Times up

[Hook]

[Verse Three: Rugged Intellect]
I paint a melody with lyrics cause I'm musically bright
Reputedly nice, truthfully, I'm usually hype
Refusin' to bite, my lunacy is brutally trife
Losin' the fight is somethin' that you're soon to dislike
Let me tell you motherfuckers how I grew to be shiest
Poverty was gruesome so dudes refused to be priced
My man Domingo said, "My crew should be tight"
That's why I roll with street survivors not the cats who get they jewelry swiped
Times are crazy if you're livin' where the truancy's strife
Cops harass you when they pass you when you're cruisin' at night
I seen 'em blastin' at this dude with a pipe
They turned around and saw me lookin', walked away and put the cruiser in flight
Close your eyes and see the vision that I move to the light
If you see the blue and the white, your views are precise
I made a point so I can prove that I'm right
I bring the fire to the Heavens like the Devil started shootin' at Christ
C'mon

[Hook]