[Intro: Vocal Sample]
(Order Out of Chaos...)
(Order..  Out of Chaos..  Order..  Out of Chaos..  Order..  Out of Chaos..  )
(Order..  Out of Chaos..  Order..  Out of Chaos..  Order..  Out of Chaos..  )
(Order Out of Chaos...)
[Verse 1: Ras Kass]
The story begins like a Dickens Novel, David Copperfield "I am born"
And naw nigga we can't all just get along
5996 A.L: The Year of Light,
Illuminati brought on a New World Order
And a nigga fight the struggle sorta kinda on some rappin' shit
But real activists be on death watch like Mumia Abu Jamal
Ain't this a bitch y'all figure, it only takes a trigger
And 12.98 plus tax to potentially murder 50 niggas
So motherfuckers better duck like Daffy
Cause nowadays the average niggas think they Butch Cassidy
And the Sundance Kid, doin' bids with no remorse
It's almost methodical, education is false assimilation
Building prisons is economical, so young niggas in gang modules
Be giving more head than hair folicles
And niggas like myself know the ledge and still jump like Geronimo
Huh supreme mathematics and bad habits
Cause chasing cabbage keeps a nigga savage
Blame it on the disease, we all got the symptoms
Most of us niggas wanna be pimps but Uncle Sam really pimpin' them
What the fuck?
[Hook: Ras Kass]
Naw they don't feel you, but what you don't know can kill you
They don't feel you, but what you don't know can kill you
They don't feel you, what you don't know can kill you
Naw they don't feel you, but what you don't know can kill you

[Verse 2: Ras Kass]
The planet revolves, supposedly man evolves
But no problem is solved, cause man is the cause
For the sake of eugenics biochemists create ethnospecific epidenmics
Injecting the public in clinics
Then when the truth comes out "You black people are so paranoid"
But who murdered Africa? The World Health Organization
Before 1978 there was no blood with AIDS contamination
It ain't little green monkeys
It's little white honkeys crossing bovine leukemia with sheep visna virus
As Set tore off the iris of Horus, and Isis loved Osiris
Black men is blinded, while black women look for real men but can't find it
Sometimes I think to myself "Why'd I even bring a child into this world?"
I pay taxes so Bill Clinton can slang crack in Arkansas
Like gold imported from South Africa
But I don't eat swine and beat the living shit outta skinheads
So where's my piece of mind huh?
A swiss watch, leasing a Lex on credit
All the liquor and pussy a nigga can get
Put together this puzzle but my pieces won't fit
What the fuck?

Hook: Ras Kass
They don't feel you, but what you don't know can kill you
But they don't feel you, what you don't know can kill you
I started from scratch like ill do
Sat for days like mildew
The evil that men can and will be
But they don't feel me, what you don't know can kill you

[Verse 3: Ras Kass]
Now shit gets no realer, reality dictates fate
Gobal Policy 2000, by then the planet depopulates
By about 1 billion men women and children
By whatever means necessary
Wars, disease, starvation, plagues et cetera
Set ya watch and watch Lord Maitreya ascend
Been in effect since before George Washington Monument
An obelisk the 3300 pound capstone semiconceals the Masonic seal
I'm knowin' -- but it's like trying to stop the sun from shining
Soul on Ice -- damned if I do and fucked if I don't
Dog eat dog like Jeff Dauhmer
And most brothers ain't soldiers cause you gots no code, you got no honor
Wanna build an empire blood sucking me to get richer
So B, what's getting 6 figures when ya fuckin' with bitch niggas
I ask you don't make me gay bash you
So the longer I live the less love I have to give
And the tragedy is, it's a vicious cycle everybody caught up in the vortex
So we try to cash more check and have more sex
The problem gets worse but a solution ain't clear
And we been sayin' the same shit for 650 years
What the fuck?

[Hook: Ras Kass]
They don't feel you, but what you don't know can kill you
Naw they don't feel you, but what you don't know can kill you
Naw they don't feel you, but what you don't know can kill you
The evil that men can and will do
But what you don't know can kill you
{Gunshot, body hits the floor}