(Chorus)

I'm Wesley Snipes Dark. The mind of Carl Marx. I transform on mic's  without the all spark. I pull a Nigga card like Hallmark, cause they all marks calling other niggers to March like Al Sharpe. When I spit its all darts (putw!) Cough sharps (coughs) and these porcupine quills protect my soft heart. Trying to put 22 on a golf cart and drive to c______ spitting like mount _____ . T-Bag a real mean bitch. Money shot her in the eye, Seal Team Six. I come before everything like a prefix and if I wave at haters. Du, they get sea sick. Slave made European. Eyes look Korean. City with no snow but the club goes skiing. Tats worn porn Stars you can win your ____. Resurrection out of your flesh like Alien. Tres Bien. For you to graduate the Great  _____. The force Awenks spins, Don't hate a Nigga cause we win. Black Patton leather Force Ones to Kylo Rens. MC Ren mixed with Hyro when I go in

A.F.R.O's Verse
You cannot blast past Rass Kass rap attack black man watch the O.G Rass snatch and snap that. You lack the man and you contract the animal, Combat Islamible  Jobs snatched the avenue.  Yous barely nuffin nigga I will shoot scary stuff at Niggers for a Blueberry muffin Nigga. Soft as a Bakery standing, blatantly armed with the pastry scanning anger in me cause a car bomb off with the nature expanding. Made with a Lantern, Ancient ages of pages stages are dancing, fake bitches hate romancing,  take advantage. Paid stakes to Laughter  Bitch, Ima kill you, your boy, your dog and your grandma for asking. Pop Tart chard Rappers. dodge to blot answers. Till that CUZ of mine starts clapping. That I shot after all the wrong rappers. Rappers like all-star carjackers. You no flow substance. Hungry Niggers with the fat hoe stomach. Propane sealed, cocaine deals the whole chain fields. like coated ropain steel, known to stay real and keep signing with the O.G the streets find cold sleep, with the finest roses aligned to throw speech. Niggers grow cold feet. Real MCs make a sugar-coated nigga turn whole wheat

(Chorus)