[INTRO]
Merry Christmas to you (x4)

[Verse 1]
Black Friday, that's why, they camping out at Walmart
Pepper spraying old ladies just to buy a xbox
Cyber Monday, online
Copped about a dozen ball caps, fitted hats, beanies, and snap backs
'Tis the season to get wasted
Moms in the kitchen, I sneak in and taste it
Feliz navidad, she makin' tamales
So deck the hall with boughs of holly
Doc Hollywood gigs, they DJin' parties
Mrs Claus in stripper heals, she playin' naughty
My belt buckle made of mistletoe
So give a kiss below and my dick will grow
Ho... Ho... Ho... Ho Ho Ho
Hollywood girls like clubs full of snow
Red nose, from sniffin' all the blow
Call'em Rudolph, get laid on my North Pole
Now sit on Santa's lap and tell me what you want
Just make it quick while Santa smokin' on this honk
My flow nasty, kinda like fruitcake
Let's celebrate, I got a dreidel in my suitcase
Happy Hanukkah, word to Harvey Levin
Cause I'm on fire, like menorahs on day seven
And rappers are in danger, call they Suge Knight
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night

[Hook]
Never been to Big Bear but the only thing I know
Yo! Don't eat the yellow snow!
Lakeshore Christmas purp and yellow
Yo! Don't eat the yellow snow!
They ski in Hollywood with a nose full of blow
But Yo! Don't eat the yellow snow!
Never been to Big Bear and I'll probably never go
But Yo! Don't eat the yellow snow!

At ninety degrees in Cali, ain't no throwin' snow balls
Catch me at the liquor store buyin 40s like ole dog
Yo dog! Move to Calabasas? Fo sho dog!
Only black nigga in town like Cleveland in Quahog
I don't celebrate Christmas, don't expect shit
But Moms usually give me something, I damn sure accept it
Mainly the season is trife, spendin' money on shit you can't afford
Buying things for people you don't like
Fourth quarter, music industry shut down
Big dogs droppin' albums, livin' it up now
Bitches like the snowman, nose all frosty
Fine as fuck except for the coke bugger that accosted me
Christmas eve, back found myself in Times Square
Randomly ran in to this Filipino dime there
Swear to God this all true
I was just strollin' down Broadway
Tryin to figure out what to do
Walkin towards each other, she looked so familiar
Caught eye contact, walked past then I looked back
We turned around at the same time, We stopped
She said, "I met you in LA last year, by the way I'm
Visitin' my sister, but I ain't got no plans."
So we headed to Pete's tavern and got drunk man
Next thing you know, we uptown at my apartment
On the couch she straddled me, cowgirl, it's poppin'
Then she started squirtin', man it was somethin'
Forgot to lock the front door, my Harlem chick, Winter, comes in
Catches me mid-stroke with this girl I'm fuckin'
Winter jaw drops but she never says nothin'
Turns around and walks out the front door without a word
For real, I'm not frontin'
And baby never knew cause she was facin' me
And I was facin' the door, best Christmas in the world

[Hook]

[OUTRO]
Merry Christmas to you (x4)