[Intro]
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, I really do appreciate it. You know, some people out there are giving rap a bad name. But as the young people say, I ain't down wid dat. But anyway, this is a song that I think expresses all of our feelings, everyone here in the room. I love rap music. 

[Verse 1]
Rap music, the sound of the times
You sorta talk lyrics to rhythm and rhyme
And then deliver in various ways
You know, some sorta preach and some sorta play
Nevertheless, there's some common ground
You need the def hip-hop sound
The hyped up bass and a tiny snare
The sub-whopper makes your neighbor stare

[Chorus]
But hey, I love rap music
I always have and I always will

[Verse 2]
Now rap started as the voice of the streets
A sorta politics to a ghetto beat
Then rappers started bragging all about their gold
And the girlies and the beepers and the big, black oldsmobile
In '83, the beatbox hit
Making funky drum sounds popping out of your lips
But taking on new forms, rap has moved from the block
Now some mix it with soul and some mix it with rock
I don't care how you do it!

[Chorus]
'Cause I love rap music
I always have and I always will
There's no other kind of music in the world
That can make me feel quite as chill
Oooh!
I love black music
You know, it's sitting on top of my list
So if you wanna hang with me, you better believe
You'll be jamming to a hip-hop mix

[Verse 3]
Concert time in my part of the town
You know, I brought my mom 'cause she was--well, she was feeling down
She was flat grooving but couldn't understand
How they making music when there ain't no band
And, then she said "James!" Everybody stared
She heard a James Brown sample, ow!, and thought he was there
She got home shook her head and said, "Kids these years!"
But then again, we think the Beatles are weird
Those loony mop tops

[Chorus]
Hey, I love rap music
I always have and I always will
There's no other kind of music in the world
That can make me feel quite as chill
I love rap music
You know, it's sitting on top of my list
So if you wanna hang with me, well, you better believe
We'll be jamming to a hip-hop mix
Is it just me, or are we all getting crazy here?
I love rap music
Ooh, that feels good
Mr. Mike Roe on the guitar

[Verse 1]
Today, some rappers boast, some are making me ill, blah
And those obscene lyrics, you got a degree of overkill
But, I started emceeing way back in the day
And since then, there's been a serious change
You know, I asked the Lord to come-a into my heart
And He gave me a brand new start
On top of that, that, he gave me my dream
Doing hip-hop music with a Christian theme

[Chorus]
You know, I love rap music
I always have and I always will
There's no other kind of music in the world
That can make me feel quite as chill
Is it cold in here?
Somebody turn down the air-conditioner
Wait a minute, I think we're starting to warm up a little bit
As a matter of fact, it's getting real hot
I love, I love, I love rap music
Yeah
I love rap music
I love rap music
Hey! Hey ha! Hey ha! Hey ha! Yeah! Hey! Hey!
Good night, everybody. I'm outta here. Thanks for coming out. Ha!
Right on
(Oh yeah! Word! That was fresh!)