[Break: Kirk Franklin]
Man, I wanna tell y'all something, man
Man, I'm not gon' let these material things get in my way, y'all
I'm tryna get somewhere
I'm tryna get somewhere that's real and pure and true and eternal
Toby, can you go witcha boy?
Let's go!

[Verse 1: TobyMac]
Father God, I am clay in your hands
Help me to stay that way through all life's demands
Cause they chip and they nag and they pull at me
And every little thing I make up my mind to be
Like I'm gonna be a daddy who's in the mix
And I'm gonna be a husband who stays legit
And I pray that I'm an artist who rises above
The road that is wide and filled with self love
Everything that I see draws me
Though it's only in You that I can truly see
That it's a feast for the eyes, a low blow to purpose
And I'm a little kid at a three-ring circus

[Hook: TobyMac]
I don't want to gain the whole world, and lose my soul
Don't wanna walk away, let me hear the people say
I don't want to gain the whole world, and lose my soul
Don't wanna walk away, let me hear the people say
[Spoken]
Mr. Franklin, step up to the mic, sir

[Verse 2: Kirk Franklin]
The paparazzi flashes, and that they think that it's you
But they don't know that who you are is not what you do
True, we get it twisted when we peek at the charts
Yo, before we part from the start
Where's your heart?
You a pimp, hustler?
Tell me what's your title
America has no more stars, now we call them idols
You sit idle, while we teach prosperity
The first thing to prosper should be inside of me
We're free
Not because of .22s on the range
But Christ came in range, we said yes, now we changed
Not the same, even though I made a fall
Since I got that call, no more Saul, now I'm Paul

[Hook: TobyMac & Mandisa]
I don't want to gain the whole world, and lose my soul
Don't wanna walk away, let me hear the people say
I don't want to gain the whole world, and lose my soul
Don't wanna walk away, let me hear the people say
Don't wanna walk away
Don't wanna walk away
[TobyMac: Spoken]
Mandisa, come on!

[Verse 3: Mandisa]
How do I sense the tide that's rising?
Desensitizing me from living in the light of eternity
How do I sense the tide that's rising?
It's hypnotizing me from living in the light of eternity
Tell me
How do I sense the tide that's rising?
Desensitizing me from living in the light
Living in the light of eternity

[Bridge: Toby Mac]
Lord, what we gonna do?
We're relying on you
All eyes are on you, Lord
All eyes are on you

[Break: Kirk Franklin]
All eyes are on you, Jesus

[Hook: TobyMac(Mandisa)]
I don't want to gain the whole world, and lose my soul
Don't wanna walk away, let me hear the people say
(Don't let me lose my soul, my soul)
I don't want to gain the whole world, and lose my soul
(This is my honesty, Father, won't you cover me)
I don't want to gain the whole world, and lose my soul
(Don't wanna walk away, and all those people say)
I don't want to gain the whole world, and lose my soul
(No, I don't wanna lose, I don't wanna lose my soul)

[TobyMac: Spoken]
Lord, forgive us when we get consumed by the things of this world
That fight for our love, and our passion
As our eyes are open wide and on you
Grant us the privilege of your worldview
And may your kingdom be
What wakes us up
And lays us down