Caution: The next selection involves intense musical progressions that cross
Cultural barriers and color lines. Intended for spiritually mature audiences
Only

1, 2, 3, 4

Go head. Oooooooh. Come on. Go head

This is for Madia (spelling?), and for Megan, for Cody, and 'Jesus (go head)
My man Tobey from dc talk to all the young believers, like this y'all

Can you feel me? Can you hear me?
God, I need you. Can you see me (can you see me now)?
Cuz I love you (that's right). You are worthy (that's right)
Everybody (Everybody now), can you help me?

Throw your hands up (Get 'em up y'all, get 'em up y'all, get 'em up)
Throw your hands up (Get 'em up y'all, get 'em up y'all, get 'em up)
Throw your hands up (Get 'em up, get 'em up, get 'em up)
Throw your hands up (Get 'em up y'all, get 'em up y'all, get 'em up)
I'm gonna say this right here…

You forgave me (You forgave me)
Then you changed me (Then you changed me)
Was a sinner (Was a sinner)
Then you saved me (then you saved me). That's right
Lord I love you (Lord I love you). Lord I love you, now
Lord I praise you (Lord I praise you). That's right
Everybody (Everybody), help me praise him

Throw your hands up (Get 'em up, get 'em up)
Throw your hands up (Come on, come on, Get 'em up y'all, get 'em up)
Throw your hands up (Get 'em up, get 'em up, get 'em up)
Throw your hands up (Get 'em up y'all, come on, come on, get 'em up)

What, what, what

Lady speaking in the background: Uh huh, tell them girl, you better tell them
What, I hear you girl

This song goes out to all my young White and Latino brothers and sisters; all
Colors, all colors, all nations, East Coast, West Coast, West side, that's what
I'm saying

Mic check, mic check, 1, 2, 1, 2
OH, get your hands up, people, cuz I thought you knew
That these praises going up, got these blessings coming down
Up town, down town, if you know how this sound
Then holla, from the East Coast
Let me hear holla to the West Coast
Even in the dirty south
Open up your mouth y'all
Praise him like this y'all
That y'all
What y'all
What y'all

Ooooh, Ooooh, Come on, Come on, Come on, Come on, Come on, what, what

Ooooh, oooh, come on, come on, Ooooh, what, what, what, Ooooh, what, lift Him
Up like this y'all, like that y'all, like this y'all

Yo, TobeyMac

Kirk Franklin

For the 2-0-0-2, I thought you knew, Baby

For God so loved the World that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever
Believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life, baby, no doubt
Baby, no doubt

Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up (Ooooooh)
Throw your hands up (Ooooooh)

No doubt

Ooooooh