Mr. Boombastic
What you want is some boombastic romantic fantastic lover
Shaggy
Mr. Lover lover, Mr. Lover lover, girl, Mr. Lover lover
She call me Mr. Boombastic say me fantastic, touch me in me back
She say I'm Mr. Ro...mantic
She call me Mr. Boombastic say me fantastic, touch me in me back she say
I'm ro... Smooth just like silk
Soft and coddle hug me up like a quit
I'm a lyrical lover no take me for no filth
With my sexual physique Jah know me well built
Oh me oh my well well can't you tell
I'm just like a turtle crawling out of my shell
Gal you captivate my body put me under a spell
With your cus cus perfume I love your sweet smell
You are the only young girl that can ring my bell
And I can take rejection so you tell me go to hell

I'm Mr. Boombastic say me fantastic touch me in my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
I'm Mr. Boombastic say me fantastic touch me in my back she says boom
Boom
Boom
I'm Mr. Boombastic say me fantastic touch me in my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
I'm Mr. Boombastic say me fantastic touch me in my back she says boom
Boom
Boom

Gee wheeze baby please
Let me take you to an island of the sweet cool breeze
You don't fell like drive baby hand me the keys
And I'll take you to a place to set your mind at ease
Don't you tickle my foot bottom ha ha baby please
Don't you play with my nose I might ha chum sneeze
Well you a the bun and me a the cheese
And if me a the rice well you a the peas

[Chorus]
Give me your loving gal your loving well good
I want your loving gal give it like you should
Give me your loving gal your loving well good
I want your loving gal you remember the woo
Would like to kiss and carress
Rub down every strand of hair on my chest
I'm Boombastic rated as the best
The best you should get nothing more nothing less
Give me your digits jot down your address
I'll bet you confess when you put me to the test
That I'm

[Chorus]
Gal your admiration if a tick me from the start
With your physical attraction gal you know to feel the spark
A man of few word naw go tell you no sweet talk
Naw go laba laba and a chat pure phart
I'll get straight to the point like a arrow or a dart
Come lay down in my jacuzzi and get some bubble bath
Only sound you will here is the beating of my heart
And we will mmm mmm (kiss) and have some sweet pillow talk
I'm

[Chorus]