[Intro]
Mr. Boombastic!
What you want is a boombastic, romantic, fantastic lova'
Shaggy
Mr. Lover lover, ummm
I'm Mr. Lover lover, grrr' girl
Mr. Lover lover
Mmmm, I'm Mr. Lover lover

[Chorus]
She call me Mr. Boombastic call me fantastic, touch me on me back
She say I'm Mr. Romantic
Call me fantastic, touch me in me back she says
I'm ro...

[Verse 1]
Smooth just like silk
Soft and cuddly, hug me up like a quilt
I'm a lyrical lover no take me for no filth
With my sexual physique Jah know me well built
Oh me oh my well well can't you tell
I'm just like a turtle crawling out of my shell
Gal you captivate my body put me under a spell
With your Khus Khus perfume I love your sweet smell
You are the only young girl that can ring my bell
And I can take rejection so you tell me go to hell

[Chorus]
I'm Boombastic call me fantastic touch me on my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
Call me fantastic she touch me on my back she says I'm Mr
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boombastic
Tell me fantastic touch me in my back she calls me Mr
Ro...mantic
Tell me fantastic she touch me in my back she says I'm Mr. boom
Boom
Boom

[Verse 2]
Gee wheeze baby please
Let me take you to an island of the sweet cool breeze
You don't fell like drive, well baby hand me the keys
And I'll take you to a place to set your mind at ease
Don't you tickle my foot bottom ha ha baby please
Don't you play with my nose I might ha chum sneeze
Well you a the bun and me a the cheese
And if me a the rice well you a the peas

[Chorus]
I'm Boombastic call me fantastic touch me on my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
Call me fantastic touch me in my back she says I'm Mr. boom
Boom, boom, boombastic
Tell me fantastic touch me in my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
Call me fantastic she touch me on my back she says I'm Mr. boom
Boom

[Verse 3]
At least give me your loving gal your loving well good
I want your loving gal give it like you should
Give me your loving girl your loving well good
I want your loving gal you remember the woo
Would like to kiss and carress
Rub down every strand of hair on my chest
I'm Boombastic rated as the best
The best you should get nothing more nothing less
Give me your digits jot down your address
I'll bet you confess when you put me to the test
That I'm

[Chorus]
Boombastic call me fantastic touch me in my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
Call me fantastic touch me on my back she says I'm Mr
Boom...bastic
Call me fantastic touch me on my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
Call me fantastic she touch me on my back she says I'm Mr. boombastic

[Verse 4]
Gal your admiration if a tick me from the start
With your physical attraction gal you know to feel the spark
A man of few word naw go tell you no sweet talk
Naw go laba laba and a chat pure phart
I'll get straight to the point like a arrow or a dart
Come lay down in my jacuzzi and get some bubble bath
Only sound you will here is the beating of my heart
And we will mmm mmm and have some sweet pillow talk
I'm

[Chorus]
Boombastic call me fantastic touch me on my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
Call me fantastic she tickle of my back she says I'm Mr. boom
Boom...bastic
Call me fantastic touch me on my back she says I'm Mr
Ro...mantic
Call me fantastic she touch me on my back she says I'm Mr. boom
What ya say girl
Smooth