Let the love flow, Let the love flow (repeat)

Ah jus love, you know. (Shaggy)

Let's take it from our heart and spread it wide. (Sean Paul)

Gotta bring this one out for my brothers and sisters, my neighbours. (Shaggy)

We gotta long road ahead,Yeah, pull together we can do this. (Sean Paul)

It's a Caribbean collaboration, (Sean Paul)

All my brothers and sisters, let the love flow, let the love show. (Sean Paul)

We gotta take a stance

It's all about strength, Let's rise. (Sean Paul)

Shaggy: Life, pressure, struggle, strain, must stand together let us shoulder the pain

Mi cyaan deh yah witness blood ah run down di drain

Me cyaan stand helpless and not offer aid

Sean Paul: Now I would never ever turn and walk away

When mi stop and take a good good look inna your face no time fi waste if I ain't my brother's keeper

I'm his enemy so now I gotta search inna mi soul deeper

Etana: How can I stop my heart from breaking?

What can I do to ease the pain?

Tessanne Chin: How can I stop the earth from shaking?

I'm searching for strength to keep me sane

Kes Dieffenthaller: What can we do to make it better?

Is it too late for us to try?

Alison Hinds: Now I rethink the things I treasure

A fragment of hope is in these eyes

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

David Rudder: A moment of change and now we're spinning

No warning was sent, no reason why

Tessanne Chin: We gather our strength, and we are willing

Belo: To do what it takes to save some lives, oh no no

Shontelle Layne: When tragedy came it really gave us

A chance to show we really care

Destra Garcia: We're one and the same we're all neighbours

The burden is all for us to bare

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

Sean Kingston: We shall rise again, coming from the bottom

Come together and let's solve the problem

Problem problem everybody got dem

But dem ah mek dem money so they don't wanna solve dem

And the days and the nights will fall

But I know we'll carry on

Now it's time for us to stay strong

So let's come together

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

We shall rise again

We're goin' to rise up

Yeah

Rise

We gotta rise, we gotta rise

We shall rise

We going to stand up

We going to stand up

Rise up ...Yea ... Yea ...Yea

We shall rise, togetherness, together we need to rise, (help Haiti)

We gonna rise we gonna rise

Higher and higher and higher, nothing gonna stop you, nooooo

We shall rise oh Yea (help Haiti)

Edwin Yearwood: We shall Rise

Togetherness, one people we shall rise, higher and higher

We shall rise again, we shall rise again