[Flavor Flav] Stay off his dick!

[Verse 1: Ice Cube]
Nigga, some don't think I can flow, so here we go
To a new track, to show the wack, that I can throw
Styles that show up, I blow up and blast here
Niggas still tripping off the shit I said last year
About a bitch is a bitch is a ho is a slut
And I don't like niggas on my nuts!
So I dedicate this one to the groupie
And the Charlie, all on my Snoopy
Brothers keep askin, "Ice Cube yo when will you bust"
They surround me and make a big fuss
Now I was taught, back on my block
That you don't ride on nobody's jock
For anything they do, FUCK him and his crew
Unless, you were gettin paid too!
I'm not saying this to diss each and every fan
Women you can ride; men, be a man!
Shake my hand, and make it a FIRM shake
Say, "Whattup Ice Cube?" and then break
Cause if you're hanging near I'mma tell you loud and clear
Get off my my dick, nigga, and tell your bitch to come here

Motherfucker, back up off me
I'm not signing no autographs, I'm not giving no free t-shirts
And I'm not HAVING none of this bullshit you're talking
YouknowhatI'msayin?

[Verse 2]
I step into the club to rub-a-dub
It seems like all the little hoes fall in love
With my money, cause yo about a year ago
I was just your ordinary average everyday crazy ass broke
But you know, I just can't be equal
Cause they know I know a lot of famous people
But to a one-night stand, there's no sequel
Here's the pickle, pretend it's a Popsicle
See, for a fat booty, I do damage
They think I'm a star, so I take advantage
It's just another Ice Cube groupie fest
She's a ho cause they knew her at the front desk
Told her to meet me at the room 110
And the bitch showed up with her boyfriend
I let him in, all he could do was grin
He had a camera, a t-shirt, a pad and pen
He said, "Yo, Ice Cube, can you sign this?"
I only did it cause his bitch was the finest
She blew me a kiss and gave a bitter frown
Like, "How can we get rid of this clown?"
Me and her sat down, he got a little jealous
Cause his punk ass sat in the middle of us
And he asked me question after question
It felt like a motherfucking interview session
Then his girl got up, I heard the door shut
And he was still there, swinging from my nuts
I said, "Get the FUCK out!" and made it loud and clear
Get off my dick, nigga, and tell your bitch to come here

I see me about ten mark ass motherfucking fans
Knock on the door, talking about whassup?

Yo man, it was about a hundred and twenty dicks man
Niggas start, niggas coming out of hotel rooms
Without no bitches!

They can get gaffled like they in a motherfucking raffle
Punk ass

[Verse 3]
Yo, I respect the respectable
If your girl is all on my dick, check the ho
Say, "Yeah that nigga he can rap fly
But you know, stars are up in the sky"
Cause all I got is hard dick and bubblegum
Just ran out my last stick is where I'm coming from
I'm not telling you to diss Mr. Ice Cube
Cause you know, I'm the one that can show and prove
Now groupie girls, I just make em wait
But the groupie boys, I can't tolerate
I hate it so much, I'mma start giving stitches
To the niggas that's staring like bitches
Cause I'm not a fairy, a Mary or a faggot
Gimme the eye, I'll fly, and tag it
Now you see? Jocking ain't healthy
Cause you think that I'm young and I'm wealthy
With juice, so I see you try to run behind
But I'mma tell you, punk, you gets none of mine
Cause I was taught, see a fool, use a fool
By the niggas who terrorized the old school
So don't try me or buy me a beer
Just stay off my dick, nigga