[Intro]
Mr. X to the Z (who am I?)
M-M-M-Mr. X (who am I?)
X to the to-the-to-the Z
M-M-M-Mr. X-X-X-X to the Z (yeah, yo)
M-M-M-Mr. X-X-X-X to the Z

[Verse 1]
So it's one fifteen in the mornin', I'm comin' up, a hard day, serve
We gettin' drunk, smokin' herb and the third dyke you roll
Non-stop cash flow, 20,000 dollars and the rest cuttin' yayo
We had the rocks, my nigga late to pick it up
Get him on the phone, hurry up 'cause I ain't tryin' to get stuck
So what the fuck is the hold up?
("Nigga, sit your ass in the chair and I'll be right there")
Reminds me I gotta shake the spot
I got bitches in the hotel room ready for me to bang cob weight (*knock*)
Yo, who is that man?
("He wanna spend a couple of hundred, but he'll be right back")
Yeah, that's when I shoulda got the heater
But I was too busy in the kitchen countin' money and takin' shots of tequila
Started countin' out twelve when it hit me
If you was Rocksteady, you woulda came when the C-Note's rang
Before I could yell out to lock the front of my small dick ("Ayy, ayy")
Niggas rushed in the front door with the gauge, ready, duck ("Get yo' ass down")
Bad enough I'm caught up in it, jacked
But worse than that, I'm caught in the kitchen without the strap
("Where the muh-fuckin' sack, homeboy?")
Yeah, woulda killed Terminators
Only D between us is a stove and a refrigerator (yeah)
Came in and put the gauge to my chest
Took the money off the table and said ("Yo, where's the rest of it, nigga?")
You gotta love it, came straight to the moneyman
20,000 cash, neatly stacked, wrapped in rubber bands
Snatched the whole shit and broke out
I ran to the living room and got the heat from under the couch
Smashed out into the middle of the street started blastin' ("Alright, nigga")
Dumpin' at the getaway cars but they was mashin'
I thought I heard the homies just in time for the action
Police hit the corner with they reds and white's flashin'
These niggas rolled off with at least a cool fifty
Yeah, I'm in handcuffs on the ground and mad 'cause the K-9 bit me
Shipped me off downtown for the bookin'
Threw my herb sack when the cops wasn't lookin'
Fingerprints, hold the tape, hear come detectors
One at the door, another one askin' questions
Stupid shit like, "Who was I shootin' at?
Was it gang related and where do they kick it at?"
But I didn't say shit
I can tell from all the people involved it was an inside job
But I'm the wrong nigga to rob, I'll hunt you down
Fuck the money, I'll take you off and accept the loss
Set bail at fifteen G's, no sweat
Got cars slippin' tonight, and almost got wet
Homies come to set bail see, but that's all right
Since I'm already here I'ma spend the night

[Outro]
Hey, hey I need to use the phone again
*Car horns*
Ay, ay man
Since when did you start takin shoestrings and shit?
Man, ahh
Do I look like I wanna kill?
Ayy man, fuck that
Ayy, look... I just need to use the phone real quick man, eh, fuck it
Aight, ayy, let me get the top bunk
Ayy man, this, this, this blanket, this blanket smell like urine, man