[Intro: Ice Cube & Yo-Yo]
[Ice Cube]
Yo Jinx, man, we gotta find somebody that's down for hers, man
All these girls sympin', man!
Who you think fit the category?

[Yo-Yo]
It's me, the brand new intelligent black woman Y-O-Y-O. Which is Yo-Yo, but I'm not to be played like I was made by Mattel.
But this Yo-Yo is made by woman and male
I rhyme about uprising, uplifting the woman
[?] superior to handle any male
Any time, any rhyme, any flow, and any show
And if you ask my producers, they'll reply “No…”

[Hook: Ice Cube]
“You can't play with my Yo-Yo!”
(Don't try to play me out, don't try to play me out)

[Verse 1]
My name is Yo-Yo, I'm not a ho, no
I like to flow so swift, it's got to be a gift
So yo, let the beat lift as I rip and rhyme
And rap and slap all the girls who can't adapt
To the fact I hit the 8-ball often
The earrings I wear are called Dolphins
Check the booty, yo, it's kind of soft and
If you touch it, you living in a coffin (word to mother)
I'm in the 90's, you're still in the 80's, right?
I rock the mic, they say I'm not lady-like!
But I'm a lady, who will pull a stunt though
I K-O suckas, and even hit the blunt
So what you wanna do? You must play hit and run
It through to me, you simply can't get none
You wetter than a hot whore in snow
Tell 'em, Ice Cube!

[Hook] (Ice Cube)
No, you can't play with my Yo-Yo, suckas
You can't play with my Yo-Yo
(What's your name baby?)

[Verse 2]
That's right, my name is Yo-Yo, but no, I'm not a Duncan
As I rap, Chilly Chill bring in the funk and
I'll steal yo man, that's if he is a hunk and
He'll call me Baby Yo, or even Pumpkin
I may be Buttercup, or even Miss Yo
We had dinner, and now we drinking Cisco
Hit the slow jams, it's getting cozy
You're home alone, so now you getting nosy
You're kind of young
So of course you had to call my place
Hang up in my face
It's a sad case of who your man's giving the dollars
What? Yep, I put lipstick on his collar
At home, he's gotta listen to ya holler
But he'll slap you, and sock ya, so why bother?!
But if you come knocking at my door (ay yo)
I'll smoke you, tell 'em, Ice!

[Hook] (Ice Cube)
You can't play wit my Yo-Yo, sucka
You can't play wit my Yo-Yo, yo, yo
Fool, 1990, stayin' sucka free, haha!
You can't play wit my Yo-Yo!
Yeah, tell em whats up

[Verse 3: Yo-Yo]
Yo, I hope you realize one day
That you're "weak" as Monday through Sunday
So listen to my Y-O, here's my bio
And next to me?
Ha! You're not fly, yo?!
You lack skills to be a woman that's black
Fake hair in the back, plus green contacts?!
Yo-Yo, is just trying to stop ya
Because the world ain't a big soap opera
It only takes one punch to drop ya
And then the I.B.W.C. will come mob ya
But no, I'm not living like that verse
Although I pack a real small Gat in my purse (right, right)
But no, it's not to cause corruptions
Just to fight back on destruction
Just thought you wanna know about the Y-O-Y-O
Yo, should I tell 'em, Ice?

[Hook] (Ice Cube)
They know what time it is
Fools, yeah!
You can't play with my Yo-Yo, yo yo
I'm out. I thought you knew!

Yo-Yo, the brand new intelligent black lady
Stompin' to the 90s!
For all y'all suckas
Aye Jinx, I knew they couldn't fade it
You can't play wit my Yo-Yo

[Verse 4]
I'm similar to a metaphor, makes them want to yell on
But keep it at a limit to where they're yelling, "More, more!"
I am very versatile, changing my ways to different styles
Knowledge is the key, experience is from my background
Label me as a woman, and sometimes I feel inferior
Falling back on the hands of time makes no man superior
Should we dare to take the stand
And diss back all the men
Who know no more but [?] and thinks wit his ding-a-ling?
I think it's time that we defeat by standing on our on two feet
If we wanna live with justice and harmony
How many more rounds must I go in order to let my people know
Times were hard, things have changed (Don't try to play me out)