Amityville, Amityville
Amityville, house on the hill

Well I was going to a part in Amityville
Matter fact it was the house at the top of the hill
But I would've never went for nothing in the world
Except I got a invite from one of my girls
When I got to the house, the grass was over the fence
The atmosphere around was keep me in suspense
So I rang the doorbell like it ain't nothing
And this gruesome guy came and said...

Hello Starski
I understand they call you the Lovebug
What a cute little bug, I'd like to put you between my fingers

(Amityville) It's the house on the hill
(Amityville) Amityville
(Amityville, house on the hill) House on the hill

So he grabbed me by the collar, picked me off my feet
And all I could hear was this spooky beat
And when he finally put me down, my heart felt like stopping
But it wouldn't stop because the house was rocking
The base was kicking and the house was loud
And let me tell ya, it wasn't your average crowd
They had this guy on the mic, he was dressed in black
He had a messed up face with a hunch on his back

(Amityville) It's the house on the hill
(Amityville) It's called Amityville
(Amityville, house on the hill) House on the hill
(Amityville) Amityville
(Amityville) I told you, it's the house on the hill
(Amityville) Amity, Amity, Amity, Amityville

And all of a sudden, I heard this terrible crash
And on the stage was the group called the Monster Mash
And there's a little something I must admit
I never seen so many girls with [?]
[?] in the middle of the floor for a hat and coat
But the rest wasn't there and that ain't no joke
There was a girl at the bar, she was looking fine
But she turned out to be the bride of Frankenstein

(Amityville) It's Amityville now
(Amityville) Come on girl, we're going, we're going straight to
(Amityville, house on the hill) And we gon' take a visit
(Amityville) It's the house on the hill
(Amityville) Everybody knows of Amityville
(Amityville, house on the hill) Hill
(Amityville)

I'm Captain James T. Kirk of the Starship Enterprise
Scotty beamed us down here by mistake
Spock, you've got to get us out of here
Aye Captain, I'd like to but we've kind of got a fix
Spock, the people here are dressed so strangely
Strange 20th century lifeform
There's an actual Lovebug walking around
Spock, announce us please
Yes Doctor, no problem, 20th century phenomenon

(Amityville) It's Amityville y'all
(Amityville) You wanna go to the house on the hill?
(Amityville, house on the hill) Amityville, house on the hill

Count Drac' walked out with no kind of class
Drinking something that was bubbling from out of his glass
So I panicked and I hit the deck
Could've swore he was coming straight for my neck
Then he said....

Yo Starski, there's a [?] to fill
Didn't you read the invite? You're the star of the year
All the monsters came from miles around
Just to hear you rock because you got down

(Amityville, Amityville)
(Amityville, house on the hill)
(Amityville) You wanna go? Come on
(Amityville) There's enough room, we can all go to
(Amityville, house on the hill) The house on the hill

The next thing you know, it's the hand clap shower
I realised I was the man of the hour
So I got on the mic without no mistake
And all the monsters in the house started to break
And then I put down the mic, said "That is that"
Gave Drac' a high-five and he changed to a bat
So I said today I'ma sleep like a lamb
But don't you know we were rocking at the monster jam?

(Amityville) You wanna go? Come on let's go to
(Amityville) You didn't understand me? I said
(Amityville, house on the hill) Amityville, to the house on the hill
(Amityville) It's the house on the hill
(Amityville) You make the left then you make the right then you go
(Amityville) Amityville
(Amityville) House on the hill
(Amityville)
(Amityville)
(Amityville) It's Amityville, Amity, Amity, Amityville
(Amityville) Oh there is
(Amityville) We got to go there man, I'm serious, we got to
(Amityville, house on the hill) It's the house on the hill
Amityville!