[Produced by Jeff Bass]

[Intro: Frogg]
Woah! A-get yo' hands in the air
And get to clappin' 'em and, like, back and forth
Because a-this is what you thought it wasn't
It be's the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O, the double G
And check out my man, he goes by the name of, um, er—

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm a M-80, you little like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit yo' style from
You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke, and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi, Marshall)
I have a disease and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip yo' cash
Bought a ticket to yo' concert just to come and whip yo' ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin' so fast it'll make yo' eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The proof is in the puddin', just ask DeShaun Holton
I'll slit yo' motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman

[Chorus: Eminem]
So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin', "Fuck the world!" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck!)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck!)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck!)
But see me on the street and duck 'cause you gon' get
Stuck, stole, and snuffed ('Cause I just don't give a fuck!)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone
I'm everlastin', I melt vanilla ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's twenty below freezin'
Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview
I'll diss yo' magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make yo' freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is lyrical combat, gentlemen, hold your pistols!
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady; M&M was the old initials (Bye bye!)
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man, dumpin' yo' dead body
Inside of a fuckin' trash can with more holes than an afghan

[Chorus: Eminem]
So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin', "Fuck the world!" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck!)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck!)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck!)
But see me on the street and duck 'cause you finna get
Stuck, stole, and snuffed ('Cause I just don't give a fuck!)

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Somebody let me out this limousine (Hey, let me out!)
I'm a caged demon
On stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend, shootin' up while this record is spinnin'
Clinically brain-dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' a jewel, I'm flippin' a sacred treasure
I'll bite yo' motherfuckin' style just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes
In school, I never said much, too busy havin' a headrush
Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke, I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median (*Tires screeching*)
Finally made it home but I don't got the key to get in

[Chorus: Eminem]
So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin', "Fuck the world!" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck!)
Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin'
Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck!)
So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends
My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck!)
But see me on the street and duck 'cause you finna get
Stuck, stole, and snuffed ('Cause I just don't give a fuck!)

[Outro: Eminem]
(Shit, fuck everybody!)
Outsidaz, Pacewon, Young Zee (Fuck the entire world!)
DU