[Verse 1]
People are plastic, ain't it funny?
The way some act and talk behind your back
One day you're with your friends chillin' on the scene
Next day they're tryin' to dick ya with no Vaseline
But never blow your stack, get your gat and try to buck 'em off
Don't get ill, just chill and then shrug 'em off
'Cause when the whip comes down
You'll see what goes around comes around
And plus, no situation's that drastic
If ya always keep cool and remember that...

[Chorus]
Some people are made of plastic
You know!
X2

[Verse 2]
Now, chicky chicky chicky check it out
As I ? and I yell and I tell y'all about
The slender gender slick gold-diggin' pros
Ya cheap, ya leech, ya little sacked-out hoes
Like this skirt I once had named Sally
She was a flirt, but had a nice, sweet valley
I was on her tip, thought she was on mine
And with this chick I spent most of my time
Playin Billy D., 'cause she had the look
Then I let her reel me in like a big dumb fish on a hook
And she took all my love and just shrugged it
Then washed all my dirty linen in the public
Spent all my cash, stuck me in a ditch
And I guess this is where I say "fuck that bitch!"
But I didn't go spastic
I said "forget that girl" and thought to myself...

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Now, if it ain't one thing, then it's another
And maybe growin' up I shoulda listened to my mother
Nah, on second thought I take it back
'Cause I'd probably be a priest or a cheesy top-40 act
Dancin' and singin', lookin' like a fruitcake
Keepin' up an image just to sell a few tapes
It's all so fake, yo man what's up with it?
Rhymin' to get paid and I just can't fuck with it
'Cause I see all these overnight acts
Lip syncin' on stage with their songs on a DAT
With garbage vocals and really good music
But half the time someone else produced it
Did they deserve that smash hit?
Who cares?
Just remember that...

[Chorus]

One more time!

[Chorus]

Break it down. Ungh, ungh...

Now what I wanna do right here is give all you slick-shootin' cats a little low-end to shake your car and piss everyone around you off! So when I drop the beat... BUMP THE BASS

Haha yeah
Fuck that first verse, radio bullshit
Let me tell you how it's really layin'

Niggy, niggy, now...
I stepped into the party with a limp in my left leg
Grabbed a cup and headed straight for the keg
Pistol in my pocket 'cause I ain't no punk, see?
And that's when some fuckin' Billy Badass bumped me and said
"Aren't you that little fuckin' rappin' Gay Bob?"
I said "YES, and tell your bitch I said thanks for the rimjob"
He got pissed 'cause I dissed his ho
Clenched his fist like he wanted to go
I said "yo, lookie here, you fuckin steroid waste-case
You better chill while you still can save face"
And sure enough, he tried to beef
But before he could swing I put my gat to his teeth
And said "what's ya, what's ya, what's ya beef son?"
He said "it's cool, chief I ain't got one"
Huh... I just smiled and thought "this punk's gotta pay"
So I cold pulled my trigger, blew his brains out anyway
And that there was his last trip
And that's what you get for bein' plastic, BITCH