I was talking to my partner the other day
He was telling me about the struggle with in
Himself and his demons then he told me when
He started to understand his demons the more
He started to love them

Lil wyte verse

Woke up this morning in a pool of sweat
Been drinking all month ain't sobered up yet
I'm on the road year around rain,sleet or snow
Doing shows collecting checks have some issues
The whole team know it this life I live it's hard not to show it
Everyday is another path for me to stumble down and I got to control it
Different city every night I must take flight
Only
Problem is no plane in sight, I might result in pharmaceuticals
Them percocets go to Lil wyte and I gotta drive first thing tomorrow
Back to Memphis to see my daughter's
If I don't show up they'll know something is wrong that's just not they father. Liquor bottles in the studio floor
Groupies in and out Our tour bus doors
Hard to think with a fog in mind
All this smoke around makes me unsure, do I fall back? Do I pick it up ?,All these demons forcing me to make a choice. I'm hollering
Loud I wanna put this down at the moment they dont hear my voice

Jelly Roll Chorus

I am learning how to live with my demons
I'm learning how to Live with my demons
I'm just trying to be a better father, but it's
So hard when you're stuck in that water
I'm learning to live with my demons I think
I'm falling in love wiclean demons

Jelly Verse

I'm trying to grow like the nose on Pinocchio
I can't lie I'm close to a overdose, for my people
Doing time let's purpose a toast. I gotta blow now y'all
Ima go for broke. (For Real)
Ex friends looking sour, shows getting crowded, and the crowd
Getting louder. Used to stay up late hours really selling powder
Dirty ass kid barely ever took a shower, I'm a grown man now
And I'm fresh and I'm clean , smoke a little of the weed and I mess with the lean. I got a couple of demons that be messing
With me. The judge want to throw away the key definitely, I
Can't smoke weed now , cause my P.O tripping, got a son on
The way and his mother is bitching , I should calm down, shut up and listen,but I keep on touring and keep on fuckin with bitches ... TRUTH is ...
I probably never settle down
But I'll never let em down
I'll probably never get the crown, but life was so much easier
When I was selling pounds
When people was feeling down
I made them feel really proud
I wish Mondo Was still around (I wash he was here now)
This is how I am feeling right now

Chorus

I am learning to live with my demons
I am learning to live with my demons
I am learning to live with my demons

Jelly

If you show me any of your darkness
I'll show you your demons
They say it always takes one to know one
Maybe that's why you motherfuckers feel like me
Cause I feel like you

PS I know I missed a few word's was in a rush but
Wanted to put the lyrics out