Money money money
Money money money
Money money money
Money money money
We didn’t money all you motha f*ckas
The white music money ..run this
Me and project ..dump shit
All you .. one this done this
And I look for the ..
All you losers .. and the paper chase when I get off the paper
I want ... paper wait
That’s money on top of money I need a little bit of that Gaga cheese
I’ma beat, I’ma beat .. OG am I sweet and my heart is on breeze
Go blood motha f*ck and I ain’t gonna to get it this time
.. the plane i get the .. people in the hood say the white boy ..
Hit him every single spot that I can ...I should mention
Like a... and it ain’t about to happen a little bit
Came from the underground .. is like ..
Most ..the little motha f*cka ..
Zone runnin with the mafia till the day I die
But when I’m in the .. I die the white G. ..need a hi5
Beat every week as I go out to town and I get my dough
I’m a hard so I’ma get it like the ..

Chorus:
I ain’t f*ck about the money I don’t spit no more
Don’t remember all the places I’ve been no more
They can make a bad b*tch then I can hit no more
3 x
We’re getting money like the man and be a brand no more
We’re getting money like the man and be a brand no more
...like ..America
You both been .. and I ain’t talking bout no ..
Getting money like I did last time .. taking nigga
Than I’m only famous pull my ..
All I see dogs out in this bad b*tch ..industry
Now is time to go on line I’am be the first nigga shooting the nigga ..
Time to get your name hot you’re gonna get your ass pot
Cause I get the kind of .. make the wrong is gonna ..
As long as I keep pay my lawyer I’ma see another day
I got money stay ..just in case I don’t
Every day I’ma ..just to prove this point

[Chorus:]
I get money like dolphin, money to the ..
..got me ..losing the bout shit looking like a ..
Fool of shit ..the whole ..another a swag like I sell keys
My whole call em daddy ..jsut call em OG
All is bread never is another ..
Like ...nigga wood ..
Getting .. yeah that’s cool if it’s been official
..talking toa .. keep a ..a p**sy is a ..

[Chorus:]
Money money that mother f*cking money
Money money that mother f*cking money
Money money that mother f*cking money
Money money that mother f*cking money
...