[Intro]
Well, I must say, that's great
Wow, I never thought that – well, it's sort of hard to explain
I, I don't really know what to say
I guess I'll just – I'll say what I feel

[Hook: Snoop Dogg and Daz Dillinger]
Best friend, girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend
Girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend…
Cause she was your best friend
Girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend

[Verse 1: Daz Dillinger]
Ha ha, I never meant to do it
My mind slips sometimes, I always thought you knew it
You introduced her as your sister, cousin and best friend
But the moanin' and groanin' at 3 AM, yes, I crept in
Slept in king-sized, lavish, high, two in the bed
After that, I double back instead
Yes, you're sexy, elegant, body toned, yeah, she lickin' good
Should I, should I, should I know? Yeah, yeah, shit, I should
In the heat of the moment, I fuck her, I screw her, I bone her
In that pussy, yeah, I'm on it, goddamnit, should I…
Grow on long-time and make the shit thrown out the window?
Goddamnit, yo, I hit the shit
Uh, this is what you wanted, don't complain
Yeah, this what you created, yeah, baby, just don't hate it, yeah
She said, "I love you, I love you not"
She's so freaky, shit, she need it beated from the back
That movement just was beated, fuckin' her…

[Hook: Snoop Dogg and Daz Dillinger]
Best friend, girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend
Girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend…
Cause she was your best friend
Girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Jostlin', rustlin', they both in love and that
They always be, like, rubbin' it
I'm slowly deeply shovin' it
Take it out, toss it up, now, baby, juggle it
I'm always hustin'
Every time we fuckin' and your best friend bustin'
Damn, if she get a sneak peek…
I take her out next week and give the bitch mouth to me
Tell her what it's 'bout to be, she never goin' out wit' me
I knew you had an eye for me, I banged her on your balcony
Chiefin' in the next room, I slid into the restroom
She came in, game in, what am I to do?
Little old me, put dick in your motherfuckin' homie
How could I do better? I never knew now
Give a fuck, bitch, I'm a true player
Confessin' nothin' less than the best and…
Put the West in, I fuck your best friend

[Hook: Snoop Dogg and Daz Dillinger]
Best friend, girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend
Girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend…
Cause she was your best friend
Girl, I never thought that I'd fuck your best friend