[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Yo, uh, yeah
Doggy Dogg back in the muthafuckin' house
But this time I'mma get on the realistic tip
Take you niggas on a trip through the county jail
You know what I'm sayin'?
And if you been you know what I'm talkin' 'bout
But if you haven't-
Peep game cause I'm dropping a real on yo' ass fake

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Sittin' in a overcrowded tank
I'm tryna see which nigga these niggas plottin' to gang
If it's me it's on
Note, the ese with the black Nikes just got stole on
And he done fell to the ground
The deputies ain't around so he finna get the beatdown
They takin' his moneybag, now they takin' his shoes
The life of the county and the county gives plenty blues
A quick come up for the black guys
Swole him up swell, roll him up with two black eyes
Now he's callin' for some help, see?
But when you at it like this every man for himself G
Especially if you're black as me
Watch ya back for the niggas, the Mexicans, and the crackas, G
Ain't no love jumpin' off
I done seen some of the biggest OGs get tossed
You think I'm lying?
Well take a trip, Mr. Hardass Muthafuckin' Gangsta Crip
Or if youse a Blood throwin' up the beef
Get shackled up to spend a whole week in 43
But if you don't bang, peep the ruse
Cause sometime in ya life, ya catch the county blues

[Bridge: Snoop Dogg]
Straight up, you know what I'm sayin'
It ain't like you can't go nigga
But when ya go it's like you on death row
So if you got warrants you little busta-ass nigga
You might as well pay them muthafuckas off beore you get baffled
You understand what I'm sayin'?

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
I see the first verse gotcho' ass scared
But hol' up you gotta take a trip upstairs
Where the fools always wonderin'
Young nigga, welcome to 95-hundred
Confronted every second about where ya from
Who ya slang with, and who ya bang with
And don't try to lie like you don't bang
Cause here come one of ya homies callin' ya by ya street name
He got you in a pickle
Now you sittin' on a roof just freezin' like an icicle
You waitin' to get transferred to a module
Oh shit, here we go another squabble
But this time the eses is deep
The niggas gettin' beat so ya creep
Straight to the deputy
Ya thinkin' to yaself "I hope they don't mess with me"
That was disrespectful
You ran out on the brothers, that's what you got checked fo'
Busta-ass punk, bitch-made nigga you be livin' in a trunk
You better recognize rules or every time ya come back...
Ya catch the county blues

[Bridge 2: Snoop Dogg]
Straight up
Hate on mark-ass niggas comin' in yappin' about what they got on the streets
I got hoes, I got cars, I got this, man I'm the ballif'
Man you ain't gotta business since you been in this muthafucka
Shut yo' lying-ass up nigga
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
Niggas always lyin'
Nigga the county jail ain't no muthafuckin' joke nigga
You understand what I'm sayin'?
I'mma break this shit down for y'all
Could really hear what I'm sayin'

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
My message was smooth and direct G
So if you see me in the county jail don't check me
You betta check yaself before ya wreck yaself
Cause Doggy Dogg is a muthafuckin' hog
And size ain't shit where ya at
While ya slippin' ya get somethin' shanked in ya back
By me or one of my BGs
And busta-ass niggas don't really wanna see me
In or out of the facility
I'm kickin' it real to ya so you should real with me
Don't come like bitch
You tried to play hard but we found out youse a snitch
Tellin' on niggas to get out quick
But when ya get caught ya get a fat dick...
Shoved up ya muthafuckin' guts
Now youse a fag gettin' paid to like nuts
Droppin' dimes on fools
You got fucked in the asshole
Wearin' county blues

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
You know what I'm sayin'?
Never fails
County Jail
Hang a nigga out to dry, you know what I'm sayin'?
But uh, I'mma kick some freestyle shit so y'all can really hear...
What it's made of