Yeah man
Which one of these cars you gonna use
I might use the Celica, the Mazda, the Nissan or the Toyota (what about that MR2?)
I heard they got that new PT Cruiser on there too
Tea that got that [?], too (oh fo sho!)
Yeah, which course we gonna use (I dont know)
Lets try the Deep Forest
I heard that was fly (yea, it is)

3! 2! 1! lets go!
Foot to the pedal and the pedal to the floor
Hurry up and take off, adjust my seat
Everything cool cause I'm dippin' to this beat
Slidin', slippin', smashin' off
I’m taking the lead while others crash the wall
Doggy D-O-double G in the (motherfucking) Gran Turismo 3
The coldest game, doin thangs
I'm picking up speed while I'm switchin' lanes
Doin' 'bout a 100 tryin' to reach two
My homie in the baby ('Bu), navy blue
Yea, it’s on! sittin' on Firestone
I'm tryin' to bring another checkered flag home
It feels bad in the worst way when you in last place But loc, I’m in 1st place
So how I’m gonna trip off that?
Cause if I lose I’m a turn it off and get right back
Chose a whole nother car
A whole new course, with tunnels and trees
Thanks for your support
I couldn't have made it without you
I doubt you ever seen a racing game this astounding
Picking you up when you’re down and
I drive good when the beat be poundin'
Knocking all across your face
Your boy want another race
In a whole nother place, a whole nother state
I was last seen doing two ninety eight
In a S2000 silver and black
Sitting on chrome, actin' bad like that
Burning rubber, smashing like that
On the real deal
Live from the Apricot Hill
I’m in hot pursuit
Being pursued by (hoes) that’s way too cute
Slipping out my lane, swerving trough the grass
Man these cars be on my...
Bumper jump up to three hundred, way cold
I’m doing too much I done lost control
Should I stop or should I roll?
My mission is to position my pole (position)
And fold these others up, even my brothers (what?)
It’s all about winning! y'all know what’s up
Playstation 2 taking you to a whole new dimension
Where the cars look fly and they got good suspension
Did I mention it was tight though for real though
Gran Turismo number 3
Your listening to the sounds of the D-O-G baby
Riding slippin', slidin'
Watch out for the curve the cars be colliding
(Damn) you in second gear? put it in third
And make sure you don’t hit those white lines by the curb
You wit your shuby do in the Subaru
Oh Lord I jumped in a dark blue Ford
Any claim that he in it to win it
Don’t trip, just make sure that you gonna finish 1st, 2nd, 3rd
That’s all that matters and I doubt there’s a racing game that’s phatter
For real though Gran Turismo for sho though
On the low tho, the game that’s for sho yo
Put your pedal to the metal
And ax all the kids in the ghetto
“Is the game hot, like the kettle?“
And I guarantee they all say, “Hello!?!”

Ride on, ride on, ride on
I know u swerving right there
Doing bout two hundred
In the fast lane
Yeah, what’s the name of the game?
Gran Turismo for sho' yo on the low tho
Gran Turismo, Gran Turismo, Gran Turismo
Is it the tightest game?
Better ask somebody
For real yo Gran Turismo, Gran Turismo, Gran Turismo, Gran Turismo