[Produced by The Neptunes]

[Bridge]
Snooooooooooop
Snooooooooooop

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
When the pimp's in the crib, ma
(Drop it like it's hot, drop it like it's hot, drop it like it's hot)
When the pigs try to get at you
(Park it like it's hot, park it like it's hot, park it like it's hot)
And if a... get a attitude
(Pop it like it's hot, pop it like it's hot, pop it like it's hot)
I got the Rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon
And I... the best... cause I got it going on

[Verse 1: Pharrell]
I'm a nice dude, with some nice dreams
See these ice cubes? See these Ice Creams?
Eligible bachelor, million dollar boat
That's whiter than what's... down your throat
The Phantom, exterior like fish eggs
The interior like... wrist red
I can exercise you, this can be your Phys. Ed
Cheat on your man ma, that's how you get
Killer with the beat, I know killers in the street
With the steel that'll make you feel like Chinchilla in the heat
So don't try to run up on my ear
Talking all that raspy..., tryna ask me
When my... fill ya.. they ain't gone pass me
You should think about it, take a second (Ding)
Matter fact, you should take four B
And think before you... with lil Skateboard P

[Hook: Snoop]

[Verse 2: Snoop]
I'm a gangsta, but y'all knew that
Da Big Boss Dogg, yeah I had to do that
I keep a... flag hanging out my backside
But only on the left side, yeah that's the... side
Ain't no other way to play the game the way I play
I cut so much, you thought I was a DJ
"Two, one, yep, three!"
S-N double O-P, D-O double G
I can't fake it, just break it, and when I take it
See I specialize in making all the girls get naked
So bring your friends, all of y'all come inside
We got a world premiere right here, now get live!
So don't change the dizzle, turn it up a little
I got a living room full of fine dime brizzles
Waiting on the Pizzle, the Dizzle and the Chizzle
G's to the bizzack, now ladies here we gizzo

[Hook: Snoop]

[Verse 3: Snoop]
I'm a bad boy, with a lotta h-
Drive my own cars, and wear my own clothes
I hang out tough, I'm a real Boss
Big Snoop Dogg, yeah, he's so sharp
On the TV screen and in the magazines
If you play me close, you're on a
Oh you got a... so you wanna... back?
Now... stop that!
Shoes, now I'm on the move
You're family's crying, now you on the news
They can't find you, and now they miss you
Must I remind you? I'm only here to twist you
Whip you, dip you then flip you
Then dance to this... music we... to
Subscribe... get your issue
Baby come close, let me see how you get loose!

[Hook] + [Bridge]