[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Aftermath, gettin' money
West Coast get ya ass up
You know what this is

[Verse 1: Bishop Lamont]
Crusin' down the street, watchin' biatches roll by pimpin'
You, that's all I can think
They say don't drink and drive, so I drive while I drink
Pull out bare hair, albino mink
Fist full of (?), might make you blink
(Flashing!) Like a Arab Shink
New denim, fine linen, from my head to my feet
New women, cool women, that's all I meet
I hit 'em, you hit 'em, then rinse, repeat
(Flashing!) They all love the freak
And some or another, I got burnt last week
I got (?) up in here, I gotta wrap up my meat
See it coulda been worse nigga, HIV
And I ain't got Magic urban Johnson sheets
So niggas wrap it up, at least more than three

[Hook: Bishop Lamont]
(Flashing!) From my head to my toe
Big chains make me glow, even with the lights low
(Flashing!) What, you ain't know?
Everywhere I roll look like a car show
(Flashing!) Make it rain, pull them dollars out
Pimp swayin', picky rain, time to show out
(Flashing!) Got gold in my whole mouth
Top row, cost more than your whole house

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
It's the high life, in them bright lights
With all stars on a hot night
It's nothin' but models on sight
All pausin' to let the paparazzi get the shot right
(Flashing!) If you a boss, bitches raw, what?
It's like a model when she fucked up
When she get drunk, she gon' wanna fuck
Daddy girl, got a runway life
She got a June 5 flight, to drink all night
With some stars at the club, gettin' high as a kite
But when we pay the cost, get as high as you like
And stay (Flashing!) The alcohol got along me
She wanna dance like a pussycat
Panties and her bra like she posing for Baby Phat
(Flashing!) Ya, here it is (Move that shit!)
Here we go, get money (Push, Flashing!)
Westside get ya ass up (Move that shit!)
Eastside get ya ass up (Push, Flashing!)
We pick 'em up, we put 'em down (Flashing!)

[Bridge: Dr. Dre]
(Flashing!) Your boy's back, you know what's up
West coast bossin'
(Flashing!)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Bishop Lamont]
Nigga, owe me
Now that I got G's, nigga I'm a OG
Now a OG, nigga I'm me, OG
Over gold, overload, over go 'till my nuts fold
I'mma need a neck brace, and a whole lot of comments for these hoes on MySpace
First I need to see some ID
Cause you ain't seein' me on MSNBC
(Flashing!) I'm a pussy predator
But not for young girls, that's that R. Kelly fella
(Flashing!) Here comes the paparazzi
Put 'em where the (?) be 'fore they spot me
(Flashing!) Too late, camera in my face
(Flashing!) Uh oh, there goes another case
Oops bitch, gimme some head
And if you swallow you can keep the kids like K-Fed

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Snoop Dogg]
Hot shit, from the city of big lights
Where ever you look out it's a star
With their cellphones out, doin' bid'ness by the bar
They bein' (Flashing!) That shit that have you on the island
With money in the bank and you riding a real Stallion
Now you flying to Venice, for Italian
And you ain't goin' home until you blow a hundred thousand
(Flashing!) Boss dogg baby, on that patron
Long as you're riding with me, the party is on
Look at how they shake it when they know their daddy at home
(Flashing!) So many models, so much love
Ridin' with the boss doggy, so many drugs
In the air, it's gettin' foggy, we at the club
Smokin' in the back, everybody gettin' bust
Stayin' (Flashing!) Ya, here it is
Westside get yo ass up (Move that shit!)
Eastside get yo ass up (Push, Flashing!)

[Bridge 2: Dr. Dre]
We pick 'em up, we put 'em down
We at the bar, another round

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Bishop Lamont]
(Flashing!) Like that shit Kanye wear
But no purses, no scarfs or stars cut up in my hair
(Flashing!) Diamond's sparkle when you stare front glare stop, you go blind looking over here
(Flashing!) Carpal tunnel made us in the chair
(Flashing!) I need a bandage from the damage and heavy wrist wear
(Flashing!) Doctor says stop, but I don't care
Fuck I'mma floss till I'm out of here
(Flashing!) I'mma ball till I'm gone
Then I don't give a fuck, you can kick my bones
I'll be buried like a Pharaoh
Draped in the Deniro
20 inch chrome on the whip, call it Will Ferrel
(Flashing!) Blades of glory, I put "Ice, Ice Baby" on all my jewelry
Robert Van Winkle, watch my watch twinkle
Bitch make a wish, I'm a star, what he ain't know

[Hook (x2)]