[Intro: George Clinton]
Yeah, this is another story about dogs
For the dog that don't pee on trees is a bitch
So says Snoop Dogg
So get your pooper scooper, 'cause the nigga's talkin shit
Roof! Roof! Roof! Roof! Roof!

[Verse 1: The Lady of Rage, (Dr. Dre), & Snoop Dogg]
I'm sippin' on Tanqueray
With my mind on my money and my mouth fulla gan-jay
R-A-G to the motherfuckin' E
Back with my nigga, S-N-double-O-P
(Yeah, and ya don't stop)
Rage in effect I just begun to rock
(I said, yeah, and you don't quit)
Hey yo Rage, would you please drop some gangsta shit?
I rock ruff and stuff with my Afro Puffs
Handcuffed as I bust, 'bout to tear shit up
Oh, what? Did ya think I, didn't ever think I
Would be the one to make you blink eye, I'm catchy like pink-eye
Never will there ever be another like me
Um, you can play the left, 'cause it ain't no right in me
Out the picture, out the frame, out the box I knock 'em all
Smack 'em out the park, like "A Friendly Game of Baseball"
Grand slam, yes, I am
Kickin' up dust and I don't give a goddamn
'Cause I'm that lyrical murderer, pleading guilty
You know from my skills I'm about to be–
Filthy, large, Rage in charge
You know what's happenin', don't try to play Raj
This ain't no rerun, see hon', don't you wanna be one
However, Rage'll wreck ya, 'cause I'm def
I kick my vocals, I loc yo, coast to coast or local, uh
I'll make 'em go coo-coo for my Cocoa
Puffin' stuff, ayo Snoop, you're up
Let these niggas know that niggas don't give a fuck

[Bridge: Snoop Dogg]
This is just a small introduction to the G-funk era
Everyday of my life I take a glimpse in the mirror
And I see motherfuckers tryin' to be like me
Ever since I put it down with the D-R-E

[Outro: George Clinton]
Foamin' at the mouth and waggin' his tail
Searchin through the yard with a keen sense of smell
Lookin' for the business in heat
And when he find it he'll be sniffin her seat
We travel in packs and we do it from the back
How else can you get to the booty?
We do it doggystyle, all the while we do it doggystyle
Yo motherfuckin' hoe!
He fucked the fleas off a bitch
He shaked the ticks off his dick
And in the booty, he buries his motherfuckin' bone
And if there's any left over
He'll roll over and take a doggy bag home

[Skit]
Damn, that Tanqueray is talkin' to a nigga
I ain't bullshittin, one of y'all niggas gotta get it
Man, I got to piss
Breath test?