[Intro: Kurupt]
Yeah, sup, oh I'm your friends
Hey you, hey baby, hey baby
Oh, y'all coming over here or else what?
Smoke some of this bomb?

[Verse 1: Kurupt]
Fresh Cortez and a bottle full of 'Tronie
With the bitches on my dick, VIP for all the homies
I like your girl, she's a hellafied freak
I think I might ran into your girl last week
Her face is on bomb and her body is on fleek
So simplistic, so realistic, she just enlisted
She wanna pay my bodyshop a visit
She just wanna talk while I listen
I just bought me a new Harley
Smokin' bomb like Bob Marley
Don't let that girl drive you crazy
I fucked her and passed her to M80
Mercedes extra love my baby Tesla
With my baby from Barbados and from Haitis and from hood
I call one in one, the other two are good
I bring her to the States, introduce her to the hood
I got her away to get her ticket, you comin' you can kick it
Oxtails and briskets and then you can lick it
I ain't mad at cha 'cause your body's modified
You bang Young M.A on your Spotify, I think that's kinda fly
I like the way she looks in my eyes
And I just found out she ain't fuckin' with other guys

[Chorus: Kurupt]
Ready fo' whatever, got the club key to poppin'
Got the ladies all my babies panties off all toppings
Got my friend over here, her body's just fierce
I love her how she makes it jiggle and her nipple's pierced
Good day to do it, money in the music
Me and Snoopy in the Buick, so we don't know what we're doing
I play her how I see it, hoes, European
Brazilian and American and all they wanna say is

[Post-Chorus: Kurupt]
How you doing? How you doing? How you doing?
Keep it right, gangstafied, party poppin' all night
How you doing? How you doing? How you doing?
Keep it right, gangstafied, party's poppin' all night

[Verse 2: Forever M.C.]
Yeah, yeah, started with a penny, then I flipped it for a quarter
Have authoritative funds, what you call a money order
A girl reachin' south, yeah she's crossin' the border
Gonna eat your girl out, man I gotta disorder
She's diggin' for gold, but I'm findin' the chest
When I take her to school, she's always passin' the test
Gives a history lesson, when I'm feelin' depressed
Gonna ride me all night like the Pony Express
I been doing this shit since '93
'Cause I'm F.M.C., 'til I D-I-E
So c'est la vie, Kurupt and D-O-double G
Gonna show you how to do it when we up in the lab
No pussy-ass bitches, I ain't fuckin' with PAB's
I'm just tryna have fun, take her back to the slab
Double D's with a booty, and a little bit of abs
She's a naughty little hottie, bend that body like Pilates

[Chorus: Kurupt]
Ready fo' whatever, got the club key to poppin'
Got the ladies all my babies panties off all toppings
Got my friend over here, her body just fierce
I love her how she makes it jiggle and her nipples pierced
Good day through it, money in the music
Me and Snoopy in the Buick, so we don't know what we're doing
I play her how I see it, hoes European
Brazilian and American and all they wanna say is

[Post-Chorus: Kurupt]
How you doing? How you doing? How you doing?
Keep it right, gangstafied, party poppin' all night
How you doing? How you doing? How you doing?
Keep it right, gangstafied, party's poppin' all night

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Forever M.C., forever and a day
Rock with DO double, let me show you how we play
World full of girls, room full of players
And let me show you how a player play her
Oh yeah, she crazy in her own right
I know your legs tired, baby had a long night
Get with me, you get your own wife
I know ya how to show ya, how to get it good
Spit it too, but very comprehensive
It's written down all in my literature
Book, look, it's all for you
The lazier, the crazier, the manier, the zanier
The more for me the merrier, she asked if I can marry her
Put my hands up and said "Baby, that's our barrier"
I like your style, your look and your character
God bless pimpin', motherfuck America