[Intro: Akon, (Tego)]
(Yo)
Konvict, Konvict, Konvict
Konvict (Tego Calderón)... Muzik (Snoop Dogg, Akon)
And you know we up front

[Hook: Akon]
I see you winding and grinding up on that pole
I know you see me looking at you and you already know
I wanna fuck you, fuck you, you already know
I wanna fuck you, fuck you, you already know, girl

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg, Akon]
Money in the air as mo' fell, grab you by your coat tail
Take you to the motel, ho sale, don't tell, won't tell
Baby said I don't talk (Shhh!), Dogg, but she told on me, oh well
Take a picture with me, what the flick gon' do?
Baby, stick to me, and I'mma stick on you
If you pick me then I'mma pick on you
D-O-double G and I'm here to put this dick on you
I'm stuck on pussy and yours is right
Rip ridinin' them poles and them doors is tight
And I'mma get me a shot for the end of the night
'Cause pussy is pussy and, baby, you're pussy for life

[Hook: Akon]
I see you winding and grinding up on that pole
I know you see me looking at you and you already know
I wanna fuck you, fuck you, you already know
I wanna fuck you, fuck you, you already know, girl

[Verse 2: Akon]
Shorty, I can see, you ain't lonely
Handful of niggas and they all got cheese
So you looking at me now, what's it gonna be?
Just another tease far as I can see
Trying to get you up out this club
If it means spending a couple dubs
Throwing bout 30 stacks in the back
Make it rain like that 'cause I'm far from a scrub
And you know my pedigree
Ex-dealer use to move 'phetamines
Girl, I spend money like it don't mean nothin'
And besides, I got a thing for you

[Hook: Akon, Tego Calderón]
I see you winding and grinding up on that pole. (Ajá)
I know you see me looking at you and you already know. ('Tá bien!)
I wanna fuck you (Ajá!), fuck you, you already know. (Tú sabes!)
I wanna fuck you (Voy yo), fuck you, you already know, girl

[Verse 3: Tego Calderón]
Hey, te mentí con lo de hacernos jevos, con lo del viejo
Pero, mucho gusto, yo soy Tego
Tú te vas pa' encima cuando caminas (Qué, qué? Ja!), tú eres mi budín de esquina (Uy!)
Así que no te hagas la bruta y ponte pa' ésta ruta (Ponte!), que llegó Papá Machuca (Papá)
Te veo mirando, sé lo que estás pensando (Ajá!) y te noto bellaqueando (Uy!)
Por ti, yo cambiaría par de días hasta que deposite alguito en tu alcancía (Ay Dios)
Quiero ser tu papi, mami. Dame un break, bendito, que me tiene asfixiadito
Ok

[Hook: Akon, Tego Calderón]
I see you winding and grinding up on that pole
I know you see me looking at you (Ajá!) and you already know. ('Tá bien!)
I wanna fuck you, fuck you, you already know
I wanna fuck you, fuck you, you already know, girl

[Verse 4: Snoop Dogg, Akon]
Mobbin' through the club in low pressin'
I'm sittin' in the back in the smoking section (Just smokin', just smokin')
Bird's eye, I got a clear view
You can't see me, but I can see you (Baby, I see you, I see you)
It's cool, we jet, the mood is set, your pussy is wet
You're rubbin' your back and touchin' (Yeah!) your neck
Your body is movin', ya humpin' and jumpin' (Yeah)
Your titties is bouncin'
You're smilin' and grinin' and lookin' at me

[Verse 5: Akon]
Girl, and while your looking at me
I'm ready to hit the Caddy right up on the patio
Move the patty to the Caddy
Baby, you got a fatty, the type I like to marry
Wanting to just give you everything
And that's kind of scary
‘Cause I'm loving the way you shake your ass
Bouncing, got me tipping my glass
Normally don't get caught up too fast
But I got a thing for you

[Hook: Akon]
I see you winding and grinding up on that pole
I know you see me looking at you and you already know
I wanna fuck you, fuck you, you already know
I wanna fuck you, fuck you, you already know, girl

[Verse 6: Tego Calderón, Akon]
Ando pensando en pájaro preñado, enchulado, me tienes bien emburrado
En otra vida, te doy par de chamacos. En esta vine a romperte el trato (Ajá)
Na' de pensiones, na' de embarazos
Si quiere uno yo trato, oyó?
Mamita, yo trato. Tú tratas? Jaja
(You break it down for Tego)

[Outro: Tego, (Akon)]
Yo quiero darte (Hey!) tabla (Oh!), mi chula (Hey!), you know (Oh!)
Yo quiero darte (Yeah!) felpa, you already know, jaja!
Qué fue?