[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Yo Doc what up my nigga
Snoop Dogg, it is what it is mane
This record is so motherfuckin' gangsta man
I think it's time for me and you to just, tone it down a bit
Come on...

[Dr. Dre]
Imagine it never happened
Imagine no rappin'
Imagine niggas trapped imagining having action
Imagine how these niggas could be actin' if we never got this shit crackin'
Imagine life's so hard
You can't imagine it's like livin' in the City of God, you feel me?
Imagine life on the yard
Or tryin' to get that dollar on some shitty ass job
Imagine Biggie with his son
Imagine Pac gettin' called 'pop' by one
Imagine a mother struggling
Dealing with a system that don't give a fuck about who shot her son
Imagine life where you can't win
When you get out of the ghetto and go right to the pen
When you get out to the pen you go right to the jenz
So if you get back to the streets you go right back in
Imagine Russell still struggling
No Def Jam, just another nigga hustlin'
And ain't no rocks on them fellas
Just rocks on them fellas, just tryin' to keep it bubblin'
Imagine niggas just stuck
From the East to the West Coast, everybody fucked up
I can't imagine no less
But it don't take imagination to know niggas been blessed with hip-hop

[Hook: D'Angelo]
Before we go, can you imagine?
With your ears, clear your mind – can you imagine?
Paint a picture in the sky - can you imagine?
Please call emergency I've been dreamin' all my life

[Snoop Dogg]
Can you imagine being lit up by some hot shells?
Imagine being tossed around and put in jail
Imagine life when you can't get from under
Imagine niggas at ya when you done fo'
Remember how they asked you "What you run for?" and treat ya like a bitch
When they kick you in your dick and take your shit
Reactin' like they hate to see you gung ho
But just imagine if the rabbit got the gun, though
But you already know
Imagine niggas in the LBC
Felt just like Snoop Dogg and D-R-E
And felt just like them niggas in the 2-1-3
Then imagine that's what's coming when you fuckin' with me
Imagine you was up on top of this shit
Imagine if the bitches could stay off this dick
I mean, imagine we said 'fuck this shit'
Imagine if my niggas got together and tore up this bitch, yeah
You can't imagine growing up in the jail, dumb
Happy just to be alive, watching all your people run
Would you imagine growing up to sell you 50 million records
Worldwide or fuckin' off somebody's son
Imagine if these niggas never saw a color
Would it be peaceful in them streets where niggas kill each other?
All a drunk fool get is pissed-on balls
He fuckin' off my niggas, they gone murder us all
Imagine that

[Hook: D'Angelo]
Before we go, can you imagine?
With your ears, clear your mind – can you imagine?
Paint a picture in the sky - can you imagine?
Please call emergency, I've been dreamin' all my life, all my life
Before we go, can you imagine?
With your ears, clear your mind – can you imagine?
Paint a picture in the sky - can you imagine?
Please call emergency, I've been dreamin' all my life, all my life

Imagine, imagine
Yeah, yeah, oh yeah
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
Imagine, imagine

[Outro]
"In the name of Allah, in the name of God
The beneficent, the merciful
The one God to whom all praise is due
Regardless of land, labor, or title
No matter what name you call God by
Whenever life seems hard
Everybody know that you must﻿ talk to God"