[Intro]
You know what you just don’t block me
The fuck wrong with you?
You said you’ll be back soon, nigga
You is not home, you can block my crib
But you know what?
You can’t block me out your motherfucking mind
How about that?
Yeah so who knows?
You’ll be calling soon or texting
You’ll see
Bye, asshole

[Hook]
IIt’s not a secret (it’s not a secret)
It’s just not none of your business (not none of your business, bitch)
Not much difference (not much difference)
You just like those other bitches (you just like them other bitches, bitch)

[Verse 1]
Now I told you one and I told you twice
This is my motherfucking life
Sly, working at the DMV
Bitch who are you? TMZ?
I can’t breathe with you on my neck
Better get a hold or the team on deck
Call me, complaining, draining a nigga
With this raining, for the maintain
I left out the back door
And met lil’ mama on the down low
And I slid to the restroom
And found out you was next door
Cheating in the next room
Who am I to play?’
And what am I to say?
Fading away like a DJ
Really don’t give a fuck bout what she say

[Hook]
It’s not a secret (it’s not a secret)
It’s just not none of your business (not none of your business, bitch)
Not much difference (not much difference)
You just like those other bitches (you just like them other bitches, bitch)

[Verse 2]
Round and round we go
Where we’ll stop, nobody knows
Guess I must have forget you see me creeping out the door
And I say I’m never coming back
She got the nerve to ask me why
Guess she tried to play me
I ain’t crazy
Look here baby
Hoes don’t phase me

[Hook]
It’s not a secret (it’s not a secret)
It’s just not none of your business (it’s just not none of your business, bitch)
Not much difference (not much difference)
You just like those other bitches (you just like them other bitches, bitch)

[Verse 3]
She looking on my Instagram trying to get some info
Started off a cool bitch, now the bitch is a nympho
Crazy friends go coo-coo for the Cocoa Puffs
Smoking on that kush, she got fucked up
Hitting my followers, stalking on my females
Crazy bitch be lying all about our details
Fake pics that ain’t you, damn she worsen
Tryna fuck again but bitch I ain’t nervous
What’s mine is mine, find out you want
The conversation, kick bitch, you just word
You ain’t learned your lesson
Second guessing your homie
You like a dog, bitch, go on, get, fetch
Tryna trap a nigga using a phony tag name
You see I’m that nigga that got too much game
You ain’t much different
You similar like always
The type of bitch you are
See them bitches all day

[Hook]
It’s not a secret (it’s not a secret)
It’s just not none of your business (it’s just not none of your business, bitch)
Not much difference (not much difference)
You just like those other bitches (you just like them other bitches, bitch)

[Hook]
It’s not a secret (it’s not a secret) (yeah)
It’s just not none of your business (it’s just not none of your business, bitch)(you know I see you bitch, all on Instagram, Twitter)
Not much difference (not much difference) (bitch, get a life, you know I’m saying?)
You just like those other bitches (you just like them other bitches, bitch) (stop fucking up me and you shit, goddamn)

[Outro]
I know we ain’t hanging out but umm
Don’t play with me [laughter]
Don’t play me - don’t play me - play me
Yeah, I’m mad - I’m mad
I showed out
The fuck you gon’ do?
You ain’t gon’ do nothing
You ain’t even gon’ answer your goddamn phone
Now can’t nobody be nice
See when I’m tryna be nice and delicate
It don’t get anywhere
You wanna text me in the morning at 6:45
Okay?
You ain’t talking to me no motherfucking house
I got way too much for your motherfucking [?]