[Intro: Snoop Dogg] + (Nelly)
West, Coast! (WOO!)
Wh-wh-wh-wh-what what what? (This this right here homie?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (This shit right here? Straight West coastin!)
W-W-W-W-West West Coast Coast Coast (uhh!)
Yeah (uhh) yes, yes (this Midwest nigga)
Neff-U (on this West Coast shit)
Go hard, go hard, go hard, go hard (check, uh)

[Hook 2X: Nelly] + (Snoop)
Switch one, switch one (raise it up)
Switch two, switch two (make the back end up)
Switch three, switch three (work it side to side)
And switch four (make it three-wheel ride)
You hurr me?

[Nelly]
Yo.. yo, listen
Ay, yo, I just touched down at this LAX
I'm lookin for these girls on this L.A. X
Tryin to find them niggas with that L.A. best
Dodgin them niggas with that L.A. stress
See I'm a visitor, I'm a L.A. guest
I gotta be awurr of how they L.A. dress
Cause if it comes down I might get L.A. stretched
I ain't tryin to be a trophy on no L.A. desk
Some niggas walk up, tossin L.A. sets
I guess that's 'sposed to be some type of L.A. test
Better watch the girls with the L.A. chest
A lot of plastic in them L.A. breasts (haha-haha-ha)
See I - hit the Crenshaw where they L.A. stunt
Seen a lot of six-fo's and L.A. trucks
Seen a lot of girls with them L.A. butts
A lot of niggas with them Dickies and Chucks - you feel me?

[Hook]

[Nelly]
Yo, yo
Aiyyo I spend a lot of time on this L.A. coast
Out hurr tryin to do the L.A. most
Chauffeur-driven Phantom like a L.A. ghost
In the back with a drink, take a L.A. toast
I spend a lot of time in Woodland Hills
With them models and actresses in them L.A. heels
To my lawyer's office for an L.A. deal
Cut the check for some L.A. meals
So now I'm off to Rodeo just to L.A. shop
Still gettin dirty looks from some L.A. cops
You'd of thought since Rodney King, nigga, L.A. stopped
They burned the L.A.'s Watts (uh-uh)
I send a lot of love to my L.A. brothers
My Latinos and my negroes in them L.A. colors
My blessings goes out to them L.A. mothers
Know that Nelly is a L.A. lover, ha ha

[Hook]

[Nate Dogg]
Guess who just stepped in the place (the Midwest)
It's your O.G. homie, Nate (all day)
My homie Snoop and yep, Nelly (L.A.)
And we all up in your face (all day)
Different questions every day (the Midwest)
I got the answer in my waist (all day)
Yeah they all got somethin to say (L.A.)
From St. Louis to L.A. (all day)

[Hook]

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
West, Coast
West, Coast!
West, Coast
West, Coast!
Ha ha! Ha ha! Yeah, yeah
W-W-W-W-West West Coast Coast Coast
L.A., L.A., L.A., L.A., L.A., L.A., ha ha!
Wh-wh-wh-wh-what what what y'all y'all?
Yeah, yeah