[Intro: Jewell]
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Creepin' down the back street on D's
I got my Glock cocked, cause niggas want these
Now soon as I said it
Seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a TEC-9
Trynna take mine
Ya wanna make noise, make noise
I make a phone call my niggas comin' like the Gotti boys
Bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
With their fuckin' heads cut off
Motherfucker I'm Dre
So listen to the play-by-play
Day-by-day
Rollin in my '4 with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
Clockin all the riches
Got the hollow points for the snitches
So would you just walk on by
Cause I'm too hard to lift
And no this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin D-R-E
From the CPT, on a rhymin' spree
A straight G
Hop back as I pop my top ya trip
I let the hollow points commence to
POP! POP! POP!
Yeah cause if it don't stop
I have to put my shit in reverse
Go back and take another stop
Cause I'm...

[Pre-Hook: Snoop Dogg (Dr. Dre)]
Rollin' down the motherfucking backstreets
With my drink and my cup and my strap in my lap, see
Ain't nothin but the G-funk, bumping in my G Thump
Hell yeah!
(With all the niggas saying)

[Hook: Jewell, George Clinton]
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(Hell Yeah!)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(With all the niggas sayin'...)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(Hell Yeah!)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Just another motherfuckin' day for Dre
So I begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks, or black fists
It's just that gangster glare
With gangsta raps, that gangsta shit
Makes a gangs of snaps
Uh, word to the motherfuckin' streets
And word to these hyped ass lyrics and dope beats
That I hit ya with, that I get ya with
As I groove in my 'fo on D's
Hittin' the switches
Bitches relax while I get my proper swerve on
Bumpin' like a motherfucker ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
I gotta get the chronic, the Remy Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin' like indo-nesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick cuz my '4 on hit
Pancake front and back, side to side
And all that shit
So when I crawl I comes correct
Now, if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip and make a trip to the south side
Yeah

[Pre-Hook 2: Snoop Dogg]
Right back up in you it's the D-R-E
Witta ounce as we bounce through the CPT
Diamond in the back,  danas on the wheels
This is strictly for my bitches, now we're hittin in switches
Niggas gettin jealous cause' hoes be on our dick
But Dre don't give a fuck and I don't give a shit
So the '4 won't blow
Stoppin by the spot to get some indo
[Dre]
With all the motherfuckin' bitches sayin'...

[Hook: Jewell, George Clinton]
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(Hell Yeah!)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(With all the niggas sayin'...)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(Hell Yeah!)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(Check this out...)

[Verse 3: Dat Nigga Daz]
Now as I roll with my nigga Dre and Eastwood
Still clocking dough in 93 and 94, fuck a hoe
We blaze up the zig zags back to back
With the orange chronic bud blazing sack to sack
Humpin, and bumpin that Doggystyle
On the eastside of the beach with the boomin sounds
Got my drink on deck, got the strap and if the spot is feeling hot
Then feel the fire with my gin on rocks, it don’t stop
Like I told you so, now let a nigga talk and flow, talk for riches
That way to get gold on gold on the black Liz-zac Coupe DeVille
Hydraulics and all that gangsta shit, so
On and on and you know it dont stop, put it in motion and let it roll On 3 and pose like a pimp
And hit em up with the pound, relax and sip up on the drink and smoke with everybody sayin…..

[Hook: Jewell, George Clinton]
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(Hell Yeah!)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(With all the niggas sayin'...)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
(Hell Yeah!)
Swing down, sweet chariot stop and, let me ride

[Outro: Dr. Dre (Dat Nigga Daz)]
I said swing down sweet chariot stop and, (what? what?) let me ride
(Cause' you're rollin with the Row!)
Swing down (word) sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Swing down sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Swing down sweet chariot stop and, let me ride
Yeah Ha-Ha!
Yeah (Check it out), you wanna ride with me
Uh, wit everybody sayin'
(Wit all my niggas with the humps and the bumps in the truck)
(They keep on fuckin; with niggas rollin' down) Uh (What you want?)
Know I'm sayin'? (Come on let me ride, come on nigga let me ride)
Uh uh, (Feelin' good like ya should) ass
(Homie what you're doin'?) Grass
(When you're up to no good) A gas
(doin what you're feelin', let me ride) Nobody rides free
(let me ride) Hell yeah!
(Doin what you're feelin, ya cold chillin)
(Doin what you want, top billin)
(Motherfucker) KnowhutI'msayin? (let'cha ride) huh huh huh huh
(I let'cha ride) yeah, you wanna ride?