[Intro: Speaker + Second Speaker]
And also-also, all of you Africans, all of you Africans that wanna do things that's working for other people, y'all need to open your own business, save your money, quit paying motherfuckers for jheri curls! Quit paying motherfuckers for perms! Save your money, start your own business, and you true Africans, will have put hundreds to work. This is our future right here, this our future right here!
This some shit! The new generation is on! The new generation!
Hey, I'mma tell you right now, if-if if I have to die today, for this little African right here to have a future I'm a dead motherfucker! (You right!)

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Wake up, jumped out my bed
I'm in a 2 man cell with my homie Lil 1/2 Dead
Murder was the case that they gave me
Dear God, I wonder can you save me
I'm only 18, so I'm a young buck
It's a riot, if I don't scrap, I'm getting stuck
But that's the life of a G, I guess
Ese's way deep, shanked two in the chest
Best run 'cause brothers is dropping quicker
Uh, too late, damn, down goes another nigga
Bouncing off the walls, throwing them dogs
Getting that rep as a young hog
It ain't nothing like the street life
You better be strapped with your shank, cause ain't no fist fight
So I guess I gots to handle mine
Since I did the crime, I gots to do my time

[Hook: Daz Dillinger + Donny Hathaway]
Them say me grow up to be nothing
Look at me now and tell me what you see
I am what I am, it's only me
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Now I'm holding a dub, sitting on swoll
27 years old, up for parole, stroll
I'm back up on my feet with my mind on the money
That I'll be making soon as I touch the streets
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump but now they blast, right
But it ain't no thing to me
Cause now I'm what they call a loced-assed OG
The little homies from the hood with grip
Are the ones I get with cause I'm down to set trip
Nigga, I'm bigger than you, so what you wanna do?
Didn't know he had a .22
Straight sitting behind his back
I grabbed his pockets and then I heard six caps
I fell to the ground with blood on my hands
I didn't understand
How a nigga so young could bust a cap
I used to be the same way back
I guess that's what I get (For what?)
For trying to jack them little homies for they grip

[Hook: Daz Dillinger + Donny Hathaway]
Me learn many things from what me see from the street
The outcome of what I've come to be
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Something for the real OGs to get with
Some facts, made our made, now you wanna run and play
Like every single day, really doe
You know me, I'm the smooth macadamien, gaming them for my homie
No needing being calm if you pack right
And learning just enough to keep your sack right
Late nights, I wonder what they getting for?
Early morning on the corners, what they hitting for?
Seven young G's put they serve down
In a G ride, east side's where they swerve now.
Not thinking about what's really going on
Got crept on, stepped on, now they gone
I spent 4 years in the county with nothing but convicts around me
But now I'm back at the Pound
And we expose ways for the youth to survive
Some think it's wrong but we tend to think it's right
So make all them ends you can make
Cause when you're broke, you break, check it out
So ain't no need for your mama to trip
Cause you's a hustling-ass youngsta, clocking your grip

[Hook: Daz Dillinger + Donny Hathaway]
Now me finally grown as you can see, still an OG
For life and always remain to be
Little ghetto boy
Playing in the ghetto street
What'cha gonna do when you grow up
And have to face responsibility?