[Hook: Jamie Foxx and (Snoop Dogg)]
Bound to get you on your knees (Yeah, yeah)
Hennessy and smoking weed with Snoop, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
That's what we do, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hit 'em Snoop

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg and (Jamie Foxx)]
It's like Shade one, two, three, four, five
Snoop Dogg and Jamie Foxx on my side
I got Sway to the right, Heather B, where ya at?
Snoop Dogg 'bout to drop a rap
I come back with the scratch from the DJ (Wow)
[?] then say what he say (Wow)
It's Snoop Dogg, S-N-double O-P
Jamie, you see me, oo-wee, S-N-E
Oh boy, let me break it down and show you my skills (Ooh)
Cause I can do it for real, but then I chill (Yeah)
They had something on the Internet about a white girl, but I didn't get upset (Yeah)
I just chill (White bitch)
Paid it no attention and kept to my mention
On my mission, it really didn't matter
Cause right about now, my pockets getting a little fatter
Cause I sat her down and I gave her some game
I said, "Don't you ever disrespect my name
Cause I'm the one, the only, the S, the homie
And if you do that, I'll leave you stoney
That means you be on the block by yourself, getting shot (Bitch)
And you might not make it to your block
So do not talk about S-N-double O-P
Cause you will be D-E-A-D, you feel me?"

[Hook: Jamie Foxx and (Snoop Dogg)]
Bound to get you on your knees (Get you on your knees, yeah)
Hennessy and smoking weed with Snoop, yeah (Hen, dawg, Hen, dawg)
(Hen, dawg, with the boss dawg, Hen, dawg, with the boss dawg)
That's what we 'bout to do, yeah
(Oh, it's Sway in the Morning? That's what it is? Watch this real quick)

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg and (Jamie Foxx)]
Wake yo ass up, it's Sway In the Morning
I brush my teeth and now I'm yawning
I jumped in the Sprinter van, heading down the street
Tryna get to the radio station to get complete (Yes)
I stopped to get me something to eat at the store
I stopped to talk to a cute little hoe
She said, "Snoop Dogg, can I go?"
I said, "N-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-no"
So then I kept pushing on to the spot (Bitch)
And when I got there I had to drop it like it's hot
I had some dope in my pocket then the cops
Pulled me over and they said, "Snoop, can we have a shot?"
"A shot, you mean a picture? Get it
Take it real quick so I can get rid of all of this smoke in my pocket
Go upstairs with Howard Stern and burn cause it's my time to learn"
Let me show you how we go and I'ma steal the show (Bitch)
It's the morning show on the radio
Shade 45, Sway, dude, whaddup?
Heather B in the cut, we 'bout to fuck it up
Jamie Foxx to the left and I'm so def
I can do this shit until I run out of breath (Goddamn)
My breath smell good cause I brushed with some motherfucking chronic this morning
Can you smell that?

[Outro: Jamie Foxx and (Snoop Dogg)]
There's nothing more left to say (Sing it to me, dawg)
Up in the morning with my nigga Sway and my nigga Snoop
Wow-wow-wow
What you wanna do? Hold up, baby (Wow-wow-wow)