[Intro : Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, believe it
J-A-M-E-L with the big D-O-Double G ! Woof !
D-A-Z, DPG Family, ooh wee (ooh wee) yeah yeah

[Couplet 1 : Snoop Dogg]
You say you wanna party with us
Well, come on baby let me see you get up
And, quit playin', you know what I'm sayin'
We got a whole lotta food if ya plan on stayin'
We got a sayin', no matter where you at in the Bentley or
The ghetto, we keep the hot metal
Settle, down, and pass it around
Cuz we havin' a good time while I'm in yall town
French eyes and with french fries and with French thighs
D-O-Double G and I'ma do it to ya ten times
Flizzy, hizzigh, wizzie
Operation Cleopatra, comin' right at ya
J-A-M-E-L I'm tryin' to holla at ya homie pick up ya cell
D-P-G hell yeah, I got some suckers on my tail could ya make'em bail?

(Ça fait plaisir)

[Refrain]
We're gonna party (pour voir les meufs)
So get the party started (eh vous habitez où ?)
We're gonna party (we gonna shake it up... do it to ya)
We're gonna party, come on come on (yeaaaah)
So get the party started (mais c'est super !)
We're gonna party (we gonna set the mood on the groove)
Party all night 'long

[Couplet 2 : Jamel Debbouze]
You say you wanna party with us
Well, come on baby let me see you get up
And, and whats my mothafucker name? Jamel!
Snoop Dogg for mamel
Dogg Jamel, c'est mon nouveau prénom
C'est comme ca que Snoop Doggy Dogg il m'appelle et il a raison
Hé les gars, moi c'est Dogg Jamel
Ok we all the same, ça veut dire "on est les mêmes"
Snoop! Ton copain là-bas qui fume d'la weed
Oh akhalalaladim on dirait mon copain Ahmed
Ahmed, la weed, ti-suite ti-suite, la weed [Jameeeeel]
Ti-suite tous les jours et y'a des gens qui m'énervent
Snoop et moi on aimerait bien les voir avec une minerve
Mais pas la peine de s'vénère
Ce soir on va s'la faire

[Refrain]
We're gonna party (pour voir les meufs)
So get the party started (eh vous habitez où ?)
We're gonna party (we gonna shake it up... do it to ya)
We're gonna party, come on come on (yeaaaah)
So get the party started (mais c'est super !)
We're gonna party (we gonna set the mood on the groove)
Party all night 'long

[Pont : Jamel Debbouze]
Trappes ! L.A. ! La même !
Les mêmes p'tites frappes, les mêmes remises de peine (hey)
You know what I'm sayin'?
Dogg Jamel

[Refrain : x2]
We're gonna party, get the party started
We're gonna party, party all night 'long

[Outro : Snoop Dogg]
Fo' Rizzle
Can ya fizzle ? Aw
You don't hear what I'm talkin about