[Intro:  Snoop Dogg]

Hell yeah, big snoop dogg comin atcha live my nephew nottz, another dirty music production, can you dig it,  Yabba-dabba-doo!
Something gangsta for you

[Verse 1:  Nottz]

Hold up (hold up) let me talk to you motherfuckers for a minute you know who it is
I been getting biz
For eons the hell you didn't know [?] globe (globe)
Let's put it all in the open then
Oh you the shit bitch?
Then I'm the septic tank then
If the world is spinnin for the [?]
Then get to spinnin then
I ain't playin dude this is the start of your endin'
I'm here, and ya'll dudes better check the credits
If you're sounding like a boss I suggest you're ass did it
You're favorite producer producing
Make your ass [?] exquisite
Mr. West and the god dealer
I ain't gonna go crazy just gonna mention a few of my niggas
I am legend dude how the hell you not figure that
Make the game pop
Like them thangs that go click clack
Hip-hop:  I live the shit ya'll just rap

[Chorus]

Man they don't do it the way we do it
We are not like you
One of the chosen few
Well, I'm never gonna get caught slippin'
You know you're full of us
Life is fabulous
You hating niggas is mad at us
I'm never gonna get caught slippin'

[Verse 2:  Royce 5'9"]

Yeah yeah yeah uhh
Nickel
I'm a hood fella at my pinnacle
I'm feeling like if you could bottle up my spit you could sell it
I'm unforgivable
Got a bitch nigga repellent
Edit, get credit [?] bread it
Bet if you got more problems I'm indebted
Bout to smoke an ounce of shake [snake?]
To celebrate the check I'm looking at that's big enough to bounce the bank
Sickest nigga spittin forget it
I'ma stand out and that's exactly why I don't fit in
As far as slippin'
You run up on me shootin' 7 6 2s
I shoot a rocket at you
I'm not kiddin'
I'm from the Amazon state
We be selling more chocolate than hallmark on valentines day
Slaughterhouse is the reason why hip-hop's off life support
I eat pussy with a knife and fork
I put the freeze on chumps
Burr
Watch the potholes, if it's a pump
It's like a speedbump punk

[Chorus]

Man they don't do it the way we do it
We are not like you
One of the chosen few
Well, I'm never gonna get caught slippin'
You know you're full of us
Life is fabulous
You hating niggas is mad at us
I'm never gonna get caught slippin'

[Verse 3:  Snoop Dogg]

I got killers on my team
Riders on my side
Don't act like you want it, cause you can get it
We ride
Everybody know about us
That's big Snoop Dogg aka Mr. Calvin Broadus
I got the key to the secret garden and get money out the ho that's in my glove compartment
Right next to the heater, hotter
We dippin' and bouncin' like a teater-totter
My nigga tryin' to get a seed up out her
Nah, not me, I had a rubber on, now he the father
Trying to blame it on the Dogg
I got enough problems of my own, ya'll
Young and I'm restless
Trying to be the best at this
My life is a bitch
That's probably why I stay on some other shit
So whether you like me, hate me, you're loving it
I do it for the fuck of it

[Outro:  Snoop Dogg]

That's right y'all.  Ain't nothing to it but to do it.  Put your pimp foot forward and let the other one come behind.  You know?  That's how we're doing it ya'll.  We just ride, glide, slippin' and slide.  All through your ear hole, given ya' what they ain't got.  Another dirty music production
(I'm never gonna get caught slippin')