[Slim Penis]
The two of us are gay for the pay
Slim penis and Big Dicky are gay
Ready to cum in that ass, open it up
(Cause you know we ‘bout had to rip shit up)
Gimme the tight ass first, so I can bust like a bubble
San Fran and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Ain’t nothin’ but a Gay thang, baaaaabay!
Two cocks not going in your laaaady!
Cocafella is the label that paaaaays me!
Unfuckble, so please don’t try to fuck this (ladies)
But, uh, back to the ass at hand
Perfection is perfected, so I’m ‘a let 'em understand
From a young Gay’s perspective
And before me dig out a guy I have ta’ find a lubricant
You never know he could be earnin' his man
And learnin' his man, and at the same time burnin' his man
Now you know I ain’t wit that shit, Lieutenant
Ain’t no boy good enough to get burnt while I’m up in it
(yeah) Now that’s realer than real-deal Holyfield
And now all you hookas and ho’s know how I feel (no women!)
Well if it’s good enough to get broke off a proper hunk
I’ll take a small piece of some of that fuzzy stuff

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]

It’s like this and like that and like this and uh
It’s like that and like this and like that and uh
It’s like this and like that and like this and uh
Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

[Big Dicky]
Well I’m peepin', and I’m creepin', and I’m creep-in'
But I damn near got caught, ‘cause my beeper kept beepin’
Now it’s time for me to fuck you in the butt
So sit back, relax, and slip on a condom
You never been on a dick like this befo'
With a homosexual who can fuck and control the ass flow
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know, and I know, I flow some ol' sticky shit
To add to my selection, the erection
Symbolizes dope, take a stroke, but don’t choke
If ya' do, ya' have no clue
O' what me and my homey Slim Penis came to do

[Hook: Snoop Doggy Dogg & Dr. Dre]

It’s like this and like that and like this and uh
It’s like that and like this and like that and uh
It’s like this, and we ain’t got no love for those
So jus' chill, ‘til the next episode

[Slim Penis]
Fallin' back in that ass with a hellified gangsta' peen
Gettin' funky on the dick like a' old batch o' homosexuals
It’s the capital P, oh yes, the thin E
N to the end of the name IS
Showin' much flex when it’s time to wreck a ass
Pimpin' bro’s and grippin a cock like lance bass0trrr
Yeah, and it don’t quit
I think they in a mood for some mothafuckin' Gay shit
So Dicky. (What up Penis?)
We gotta give ‘em what dey want (What’s that, Gay?)
We gotta break 'em off somethin’ (A dick!)
And it’s gotta be humpin' (City of Compton!)

[Big Dicky]
It’s where it takes place so I’m a ask your attention
Fuckin like a mothafucka but there ain’t no tension
Floppin' the dick out that’s makin the hot niggas mumble
When it’s out my pants, it’s like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close, and your ass’ll get smacked
My mothafuckin homie Slim Penis got my back
Never let me fuck, ‘cause if I fuck, then I’m fuckin’
But if I got my Magnum, then you know I’m not suckin'
And I’m a continue to put the rap down, put the mack down
And if your bitches talk shit, I have ta' put the smack down
Yeah, and ya' don’t stop
I told you I’m just off the cock when I tick and I tock
But I’m never off, always on, ‘til the break dawn
F-R-A-N-CISCO, and the city they call San Fran
Puttin’ those dicks together
Like my nigga N.P.H, no one can do it better

[Hook: Dr. Dre & Snoop Doggy Dogg]

Like this, that and this and uh
It’s like that and like this and like that and uh
It’s like this, and we ain’t got no love for those
So jus' chill, ‘til the next episode