[Intro: Too $hort]
Tables (Drumma Boy)
Tables (Tables), tables, tables, tables (Tables)
Tables (Tables), tables (Tables), tables
Y'all ain't got no more tables? (Bottle service!)

[Verse 1: Too $hort & Snoop Dogg]
Sup Snoop? Where you goin' $hort?
I'ma hit like six clubs tonight
I'ma get a bitch, she gon' get a bitch
Get another bitch, we gon' fuck tonight
($hort, can I roll?) Your square ass don't know what it's like
A Spanish bitch, an Asian bitch
The other white, I love my life
Hooked on the party, I can't go home
Got two bitches on my phone saying they both on
Bitch I'm gone ho, we gon' have to fuck another night
I'm at the strip club high as a kite
I told the bitch she the love of my life
Yeah right, psyche!
Just wanted some head before the flight
Goin' to Vegas on the way to the fight
I can't make that bitch my wife
Ask Hef, "Who was his biggest competition?"
For the last twenty years I been fucking all his bitches

[Chorus: Too $hort]
I walked in, got a table at the strip club
I walked in, got a table at the night club
I walked in, got a table at the strip club
I walked in, got a table at the night club
Tables (Tables), tables (Tables), tables, tables, tables (Tables)
Tables (Tables), tables (Tables), tables (Bottle service!)

[Verse 2: 2 Chainz]
(Yeah, 2 Chainz)
I say I'm on the level (On the level)
Just bought another bezel (Just bought another bezel)
Put it in the paint shop (Put it in the paint shop)
Now that bitch yellow (Now that bitch yellow)
I be flying out to Cali just to duck and dodge raindrops
Fuck with me, you need your thang cocked
Nigga know my old studio where I rapped and trapped out the same spot
I do kush, yup, y'all niggas trippin' (Trippin')
Watch how I move through the city (City)
Brand new .357 (Yeah)
Nose on it longer than pickles (Tell 'em)
And yeah I know where the yay at (Uh)
Never put it where you stay at (Nah)
And you gon' need some CDLs just to drive this motherfuckin' Maybach (Yeah)
Started on the motherfuckin' block, stand on the corner with a streetlight and a Glock
When I walked in the party, I walked in the party with a bad bitch from the south
2 Chainz with a Z, ho (Ho)
Your baby daddy is a zero ('Ro)
And she know what time it is
I told her "mind her biz," left a ho like Tebow

[Chorus: Too $hort]
I walked in, got a table at the strip club
I walked in, got a table at the night club
I walked in, got a table at the strip club
I walked in, got a table at the night club
Tables (Tables), tables (Tables), tables, tables, tables (Tables)
Tables (Tables), tables (Tables), tables
Y'all ain't got no more tables? (Bottle service!)

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Ten hoes, one pimp
Mastermind, manuscript
Add that shit up and hit 'til I hit up
And don't say shit, let my other bitch get up
Shoot 'til I shot up with Bill Gates daughter
Better act like that- na-na-not a
Say a word, ayy, a word
My bitches fly like they a bird
Under my wing with one of my things
Always shine like one of my rings
Profile, strobe light
I'ma knock like six hoes tonight
So young, so tight
So rich, so white
That's my lil tramp I'm fucking with
I am the one got her sucking dick
Knock a new bitch like Dolemite
Pass my blunt, don't hold it light
Get that dick, it's on tonight
Spit that shit when I'm on the mic
Click-clack, tic-tac-toe
Big mack, pimp that ho
Real talk, spit that flow
Pay a pimp, I gotta get that dough

[Chorus: Too $hort]
I walked in, got a table at the strip club
I walked in, got a table at the night club
I walked in, got a table at the strip club
I walked in, got a table at the night club
Tables (Tables, nigga), tables (Tables), tables, tables, tables (Tables)
Tables (Tables), tables (Tables), tables (Tables)
Y'all ain't got no more tables? (Bottle service!)
(Bottle service! Bottle service! Bottle service!)