There's girls who look like guys
And they got the thighs that real girls have
But we're talking about eyes
They got Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia
It's really (?) asthma
Just like that, now I'm going to let you know what it's about
So here I'm going to tell you. Let's start it out
We got (?) they look like guys
I told you before, you can't really see
Because I can tell you now, they don't look like...guys
Because

.........

Too much adrenal in your system you look like a guy
Make little girls want to cry
But I tell you now, there's no hope for that
Because unfortunately we can't cure it
They can't get the anger out of their system
And now there's going to be a huge
Mis...conception
That their going to be going through their life
Thinking that their a guy
But their going through a deadly crisis
Because now it's time to see who's going to get (?)

So let's see, (?) X chromosome
Girls want to take it
You try to do the opposite, you're on your own
But nobody knows its going to be very controversial
What are you going to get?
94
It's always been a hit. Approved by the FDA
But here, now that's all I have to say

But now lets cover the next disorder
Called Turner's Syndrome
When girls only have one X chro-mi-sum
You heard me right
I rhymed that correctly
Now you don't even say anything, because I did everything...blindly
Now let's go on. We got Klinefelter's Syndrome
Where (?)
That's where there's no lie
There you see they got a weird thing between their thighs
And I'm not going to stop there
I did it, you all just stare
Please don't be rude. Don't stare at me
Who do you think I am? Some kind of fantasy?
Not I'm not like that. Don't say that at all!!

So let's go on to the last thing we have
Called (?) Syndrome
So bring on your insults. Something like that
Cause they look like a guy
But they're not. They're a girl
You see? I mean, this is very serious
Don't think I'm delirious
I'm not rapping for you to be your entertainment
I'm telling you you could kill yourself and die in this world
A bullshit thing. We got mean people that look like
They are different genders
Stuff like that. So we don't have to get fender benders
So we'll see who's right
And now that's why I wanna end the rhyme
With me true fans in this world
It's called Compton...California
WHOOOOO!!