[Skit: Dr. Dre]
(Static, Channel Switching)
Damn, seems like always something with the fucking TV
Motherfucking cable off, shit I'm (?)
Hey, bring me something to drink
Yeah, that motherfucking Crazy Horse will do, that'll work
Ain't shit on this motherfucker
Oh shit, what the fuck is this?

[Big Tittie Nickie + Snoop Dogg]
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-dun-dun-dun, da
Hey motherfuckers, welcome back to the $20 Sack Pyramid
I'm your host: motherfucking O.G. Henny Loc
And we're back with our two final contests
Duck Motherfucking Mouth and Bootnee Lee Farnsworth
They'll be playing for a $20 sack of indo
And a $35 gift certificate to the Compton swap meet
Alright, y'all bitches got 30 seconds to answer 5 motherfucking questions
Lonnie, you ready with that clock? Well let the games begin

[The D.O.C. + Samara]
Alright man. We gotta do that shit man. We need to do this shit right now
Alright, man, we got to do this shit, man
Hell yeah, man, fuck that the whole neighborhood is watching and everybody's watching
We can do this shit right now
We gotta do this shit right now, Okay. You ready?
Hell yeah man, come on!
Hey man, you ready?
I'm ready
I'm ready, let's go!
Indo! Uh, uh, Cavi! Uh Buddha!
Shit, shit I used to sell, uh, um
Hocus Pocus
Oh, things that people smoke!
Right! That's it, that's it
Oh, oh fuck me in the ass
Oh, oh, uh, step to me and let me suck your dick, uh
Oh, things that Tim Dog would say
Yeah, that's it right there
Oh yeah!
Come on keep going man, hurry up!
Uh, uh, VCR's, oh, TV's and shit
All them socks and shit
Oh, that box in your room and shit
Oh, oh, shit I came up on loot!
That's it, that's it right there
Yeah, that's it come on hurry up, man, hurry up!
Uhh, En Vogue, uh, uh, Halle, Halle, Halle Berry
Shit. Bitches? Uh, bad bitches?
Yo, uhh, your Auntie Clarisse
Oh, bitches I wanna fuck
That shit right there, that shit
Come on, hurry up we it's 5 seconds
Okay, Okay, oh, oh, I know D.O.C
Dre gonna do my music and shit, uh
Snoop and me, be going to the swap meet
Oh! oh, I know that one, I know that one!
Things that niggas be saying to get the pussy!
That's it, that's it right there!
That's it, that's it!
Alright give me my motherfucking weed bitch, give me my motherfucking weed!
It's all right there, baby! That's a–
Uhh, get me my weed, get me my $35 to go to the motherfuckin' swap meet! Bitch! Uh, uh, uh, uh
I'm in the money, I'm in the money, I'm in the money, I'm in the money! Hey Snoop! Hey Bootnee!

[Snoop Dogg]
I just love that bud and that $35 certificate they finna give us
Cause we came up (like?) wrong
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-da-da-da, da-da, da-da-da
Da, da-dun-dun-dun, da