(*song goes silence  for 7 seconds*)
(*beat comes in*)
(*Beat stops and warren g comes along and the beat comes back in again*)

(Warren G)
Steppin on the M-I-C {n.e.s.t.d.o.g.p.o.u.n.d?}
Just fucking around doggystyle
Crushing silly fuckers on top of a pile
Clocking a grip, dissing a bitch
Ain't that a trip the way a nigga wanna flip
Don't trip
G Dub my name and my frame
Ya see in long beach ain't nobody in the same game
Thats why i gotta come at you like this
So if ya step, ya diss, ya snitch
It's all your fault and ya did it on your own
Since i'm a dog i guess the mic is my bone
Yea
See my homie snoop dogg wants to hit it and take it over
So ride the mic as if ya name was rover
So take the mic cause i'm finna raise up
Remember loc's down and dogs up


(Snoop Dogg)
S-N double O is to the P, finna run things
So kick back while i put you in the swing
I got the microphone in my palm
And im finna explode on the scene like a bomb
I'm coming correct and in effect and ya know
I fess? the flow cause of the s n double o
Into the p and imma thriller
And when i step to the mic
Best believe im gonna ?
? so you gimmie ya mind
Listen to the lyrics and ya feel its time
For snoop to get started
I need just to bust with one
Cause am full of fun
Am on 2-1 street
Cause thats where i chill at and live
So watch me grab the microphone
And come negative
No need to come popping?
Cause that ain't the life i live
I grab the mic and i begin to lay a
A rhyme i wrote i quote is dope
A scrub i scope am a dogg i could never be a loc
Now watch me flow into another rhyme
And as you listen to the lyrics you will say its about time
For snoop the dogg to do his thing
And put ya'll all in the insane type of thing
Thats what am talking about without a doubt
Ya scream and dream and fiend ya know what I mean
I comes correct on every tape i'm on
My word is born you love to listen to my songs
Me and my homie G Dub
While i rock the mic
He grabs the tables and scrubs
Then the when the ladies love it
Because when we make a tape
Ya suckers be begging and bugging
Love it, dub it, that's what they wanna do
So let me take the microphone and begin to do a funky style of rhyme with combination
I'm coming correct with another illustration
But as i flow into another mind? you listen
Don't interrupt cause my comprehension
Level gets deeper by the second
This a funky fresh song in other words a record
That's coming through your ears

(???????????????????????????????????)



(Outro) - (Snoop Dogg & Warren G talking)
We also like to give a shout to al the homies from (????) and my homies ruff dog, j-dog...country-loc (????) aww yeah...gone...you (???) motherfucker (*laughs*)
I also like to give a shout to all the homies...my brother, taboo, crayon...rest in piece...and i also like to give a shout to my homie Money B for putting up the tracks...you know
(*snoop laughs*)
Yeah the homie fade, you know what i'm saying...yeah man...he'll be out the minute, i'm fresh out the collar-G, you know what i'm saying
(*laughs*)
Yeah, we're gone and all y'all punk ass bitches from the hood like i said like my homie 4-1-40...heh...i play like 50's you funky bitches
(*laughs*)
I also like to give a shout to kim...kesha...christina on the scene kicking like collar greens and i also like to give a shoutout to who...everybody from eastside insane BABBBYYYYYY?????
The dogg poun-dation with the fresh illustration, never propertracing cause we use innovation (*echoes*)
Aiyo, this is DJ Warren G...i was just like to say, uhm...why don't you stop all that shit out there, cause...we from the same side...Eastside, Long Beach...
There ain't no westside, motherfucker and there ain't no northside, motherfucker...so why you talking about the east coast, nigga...
Straight up, fuck that nigga that shot my little homie little loc though...i'll break his ass off the big piece...shit...straight up...we gone....BITCH
(*unknown sound*)
Hold up...(*laughs*)
I love...a dog without his bone...i know...you know...i know....

Bitch! (*echoes*)
(*record stops*)