[Produced by Adrian Younge]

[Tajai]
The past is an illusion, there is only now!
The future is a fiction, there is only now!
A brief intermission, there is only now!
Of this there is no question, there is only now!
And if I get too lifted, would you hold me down?
And if you think I'm slipping, would you show me how?
The future is a fiction, there is only now!

[A-Plus:]
Check it!
It was the kind of love Most people only find it once
Divinely touched by angels; There was no time for lust
[Opio:]
Plus some'll tell that a teenage love Will never last
Looking through the glass of past scars
Fast forward to the future
Where the youth Them are a-changing
[A-Plus:]
But this couple don't care what you saying
They're hearts blazing
Can't nobody tell 'em nothing
Their love is unstoppable
[Opio:]
Overcome any obstacle
Together they will always grow
(Don't let go, I'm holding on)
He know they saying take it slow To him it's taking long
(Safest place is in your arms)
Her daddy saying this ain't right; To her it can't be wrong
(Baby, if we hold on a little while longer cause the love is so strong
You know that I would die If you left me)

I pray this feeling never leaves me, I want it forever
And I'll do anything To see that we always together
Whatever; It takes for something that no one can sever
Together, forever, whatever
It takes for something that no one can sever
And I'll do anything To see that we always together
Forever, together
Together, forever

[Snoop Dogg:]
What's love? Can you imagine being told, by the old
This ain't right, fuss and fight
Don't you roll, it's so cold
What's your mold, will he break Or will he fold?
They on him, they want him; The homie Stoney
In love with his girl and so is his big homie
Now what a pity; A footnote to the cutthroat, it's rare
See, I was told all in love is unfair
One fee, one fare, done there
Fishing, dishing, and wishing upon air
Vision beyond years
Damn, people always pushing the wrong way
See my advice to the homie Stoney
Is do it your own way, the long way
And hear what the song say
Together, forever, forever, together, you dig?
See, this what it's supposed to boast
And get close and be with the one that you truly love the most
It's destiny
[Tajai:]
The past is an illusion, there is only now

[Phesto:]
They already move Planets and moons
The plan is to vanish and move
Flip a townhouse down south Pow wows with the gals
Out bound fishing boat Where the city folks sip and smoke
Then these folks pushing the envelope
Which extended hope To a inner-most impulse
His desire for a child undisclosed
[Tajai:]
Deep inside a fire took hold
The moment that the plot was shown
Visions of intermingled souls
Matching afros, juleps on a creaky porch
Life at a slower tempo
No regulations to encroach upon their relations Cantankerous kinfolks, damn
If they can't accept us then we gonna scram

(Can't hide the way that I'm feeling for you
My emotions can't be concealed -I was in love
And together you and I will show the world -I wanted him to be the only one
Our love is for real -I was in love)

[Tajai:]
The past is an illusion, there is only now, now
A brief intermission, there is only now
Of this there is no question, there is only now
And if I get too lifted, would you hold me down?
And if you think I'm slipping, would you show me how?
The future is a fiction, there is only now
The past is an illusion, there is only now, now