[Snoop Dogg]
Uh-huh, hmm... I was chillin, right around my way (way!)
21st eastside of the Beach
This motherfucker ran up on me
Talkin shit with his homies like he was a straight.. G
Askin where I'm from while he runnin up
Gangbang, my set on e'ry one of 'em (true)
Some things, sons they just won't change
Fools don't respect nuttin but the gangbang (bang!)
What's seen is what's saw, Dogg is the law
I have you niggas runnin like a marathon
Little G's tryna creep, on the East with it
Talkin 'bout they gon' get my chain and they gon' leave with it (nmm hmm!)
But they don't know once they get close
It's Tic-Tac Toe, three motherfuckers laid on the floor (watch out!)
Yeah, this happened yesterday
On the West they spray - I heard the ese say, he said...

[Hook: B-Real] + (Snoop Dogg)
Vato, you won't believe what I saw
I saw these pack of guys and they act real hard (and what they do?)
They twist the fingers and said, "You know who we are"
He said, "I don't give a fuck, I'm Snoop Doggy Dogg" (uh huh!)
They keep buckin and it went too far
So Snoopy, he went straight to the trunk of his car (and what he get?)
He got his gun and they start runnin' hard
He started firing and then he just charged

[Break 2X: Snoop Dogg]
(BLAOWW!) Run nigga, run nigga!
(BLAOWW!) Duck nigga, duck nigga!
(BLAOWW!) Run, motherfucker run!
(BLAOWW!) Run, motherfucker run!

[2pac]
I went from rags to riches
Quick to socializing with the baddest bitches
Went from a bucket to a rag with switches
I'm seein' death around the corner
I'm bumpin' Gloriaaaa doin' 90 cause I wanna
I'm getting high and like I said it was some chocolate thai
Mixed with some indonesia watch me fly
And even though I know the cops behind me
Hit the weed and uh I continue doing 90 (Biotch)
Until I get caught another ticket get to kick it in court
Fuck the law give a shit I'm even worse than before
I know they wanna see a nigga buried
But I ain't worried still throwing these thangs
Got me locked in these chains
And hey nigga what the fuck is you wailin' 'bout
Soon as I hit the cell I'll be bailin' out
And when I hit the streets I'm in a rush to ball
I'm screaming Thug Life nigga fuck y'all

[Hook] + [Break]

[DMX]
Cats playin' games, so I'm goin' raw
Run up in that fuckin' building, kick down the door
Y'all don't want no fuckin' problems wit' X
Y'all don't wanna see them four-legged beasts
Wit' them collars on their necks
Wit' them niggas downstairs wit' the tech, you know the rest
Fuck it, blow it y'all niggas, bitch I take respect
Dog's shit hot, that's why y'all cowards froze me quick
I pop up, catch niggas on some cozy shit
With Chinese slippers and silk scarves on
Nigga out here tryin' to get his bark on, wonder why the dog gone
I couldn't take it, deface it, that nigga make shit
That's somethin' that'll happen, nigga wanna brace it
And for the record, what you gonna do to fill up my spot?
I ain't gon' front, that "Pon De Replay" shit, was kinda hot
Not!! How you gonna jack Will Smith for a beat?
That's like tryna jack me for the streets! It ain't happenin'!

[Hook] + [Break]

[Snoop Dogg and Pharrell 2X]
Snoop Dogg, him bust gunshots
Skateboard P, they say him bust gunshots
DPG, them bust gunshots
BBC, you know them bust gunshots (come again, now!)
Snoop Dogg, him bust gunshots
Skateboard P, you know him bust gunshots (come again, now!)
BBC, them bust gunshots
DPGC, you know them bust gunshots (come again, now!)