[Pharrell]
Ain't no other nigga here real as my dude
He used to throw money like this (whew!)
Honey what ya lookin' at? Ain't no need to guess it
Stand over here, you about to be a legend
When my nigga comes home
We gon' party til six in the mon'
When my nigga come home
We gon' pop champagne 'til it's gone
I tell you, when my nigga come home
We gon' celebrate!
Lobster, shrimp, Roscoes and steak
When my nigga come home
He can have any damn thing that he want

[Verse 1: Game]
I got a nigga locked up for about a knot of money
He did nine years, be home before I finish this blunt
I just bought a ounce of skunk
Me and my nigga bout to go hard, like when LeBron dunk
We ridin' high, like southern niggas in the dump
Errybody and they mama know UGK in the trunk
(What's in the backseat?) North Kakalak freaks
And the shit we be smokin' could melt the Mac off they cheeks
Then we headed to that magic city, he ain't seen no ass and titties
In about a decade, these hoes about to get paid
They took him to the back, I ain't seen his ass in two hours
Two time felon taken a shower in the motherfuckin' strip club

[Hook:]

Inhale, inhale
Blow it out, blow it out
Inhale, inhale
Blow it out, blow it out

[Verse 2: Game]
When my nigga come home, that's on everything I got him
You know why? Cause we was like that, and we came from the bottom
You know how many bitches I was mad that I took
Cause I couldn't throw up the hood, the police had me shook
And all he wanted was a super head's book
So I sent it cause I meant it, now the clothes is for crooks (?)
And ya girl? She fine as a motherfucker
Told you she cheated on you? She was lyin' like a motherfucker
When you went in, we was dreamin' about the tre
Now it's four door flyin' spur, with Killafornia plates
Remember when we was in the spot, writin' to them Dre beats?
Now I'm fuckin' with some nerds, chattin' with Skateboard P
Remember when we was hard
Sayin' to each other nothin' ripppin' us apart
Now a nigga ballin' and you sittin' in the yard
But you comin' home to the Ferrari and a card, max that motherfucker out

[Hook:]

Inhale, inhale
Blow it out, blow it out
Inhale, inhale
Blow it out, blow it out

[Verse 3: Snoop]
One thing you can count on when you touch down
You gon' have it all, laid out, everything is paid out
Comin' home eventually, in the penitentiary
The homies like to mention me, cause I looks out essentially
Big Reese Cup, J Dog and Trey-D
Young Joe Dog, Scotty Boy, NYC
(?)
Blue put me on the set, nigga, it's twenty Crips
My cousin' Flip been locked up for twenty five
And Trey-Lo? He's a real twenty-Crip for life
And if I mention your name, you know the business cuz
When you get out, you know we livin' it up

[Hook:]

Inhale, inhale
Blow it out, blow it out