[Intro]
See I'm not insane, in fact I'm kind of rational
When I be asking you, "Who is more dramatical?"
This one or that one, the white one or the black one

[Verse 1]
Yo
I take a few men’s advice and guidance
Came from a life full of fights and violence
Two different crews. Both rivals I guess
Death slowly entered like a frightening silence
Fire in the eyes of a psycho’s eyelids
One too many times like a knife in my ribs
Had enough. All these years I’ve wasted
Lost a section of my life like I just misplaced it
Freedom so close I can almost taste it
But end up ice cold in an acquaintance’s basement
Relationships ain’t shit
Like “Bro, I fucking love you”
That’s the fakest engagement
I could no longer take it
Like standing in the middle of a satanic snake pit
Evil all around and hatred
Had to make some changes, now every day is sacred

[Hook]
Going where I shouldn’t go. Seeing who I shouldn’t see
Doing what I shouldn’t do. Being who I shouldn’t be

[Refrain]
Sometimes falling, it feels like flying
At least in the beginning ‘till you feel like dying


[Hook]
Going where I shouldn’t go. Seeing who I shouldn’t see
Doing what I shouldn’t do. Being who I shouldn’t be

[Verse 2]
Never meant to hurt no one. I just had to have my way
Losing everything except my life, that’s the price I pay..
Falling, it feels like flying
At least in the beginning ‘till you feel like dying
‘Till you feel like crying
I didn’t feel like trying
Had to pick myself back up, ain’t nobody gonna help
To make ‘em all believe in me, had to believe in myself
Picking up the pieces ‘till the beast is wide awake again
Winning over someone, love this, don’t know what to make of it
Now I’m making cake, making bread like I’m a bakery, but soft like the pastry
Lifestyle is make-believe
Clashing personalities are breaking up the fight
Don’t let the darkness take me, lead me safely to the light

[Refrain]
Sometimes falling, it feels like flying
At least in the beginning ‘till you feel like dying

Falling feels like flying, ‘till you feel like dying
Sometimes falling..
At least in the beginning ‘till you feel like dying
‘till you feel like dying
‘till you feel like dying