[Aceyalone]
Excuse me - sir, whose microphone is this?
"I think it's that guy over there"
This guy over here?
Excuse me, is this your microphone?
"Yeah"
I mean, I've seen a lot of MC's on this microphone
But this is your microphone, right?
"Yeah, yeah, it's mine"
I mean, what I really wanted to know is
Is this really, I mean really, really your microphone?

[Aceyalone]
This microphone is mine
Whenever I hold it, I transcend time
This microphone allows me to shine
Bright, with the light
This microphone is my weapon
This microphone is my confidant
This microphone is my magical wand
To make all y'all, all y'all
I mean all y'all respond
Yeeeaahh
This microphone takes me one step beyond
This microphone helped to save my soul
This microphone helped to pave this road
They say "what do you do?"
I say "what do you mean?"
They say "what's your profession"
I say "microphone fiend"
This microphone is the one and only thing
That lets me live, lets me open up and give
This microphone helps me not be broke
This microphone helped to feed my folks
This microphone always keeps me awoke
I tell the truth and I don't tell jokes
Now check it
I tell the truth and I don't tell jokes
Now check it out
This microphone, when it's in my hand
With or without a band, or a mic stand
I command, even if it's static-y and distorted
I still gotta automatically record it
This microphone, connected to the power supply
My thoughts blossom, like flowers in the sky
This microphone...

[P.E.A.C.E.]
Deactivate factor
We fracture microphones
Is that a microphone? a microphone?
Go on and roam, take out loans
If you wanna own, backpains, swallow it down
Live from LA, it's Peace and Aceyalone
Speak rhymes over cell phones
Now I know you not gonna sing that song
Why? cause ain't nobody gonna understand that, homes
This fool is the most assured ?? and thongs on
Down car phones, somebody passed out
With the car door opened, assed out
Run up on him, see what he got
A nice box of microphones, microphones
These are the same ones being slung to the clones
Oooh, another busted busta getting broke by the microphone..

[Spoken]
Okay, now I see you proved your point
So now, I do have another question for you
"What's that?", "Why so many questions, man?"
I want to know, who's style is that?

[Aceyalone]
Aw P.E.A.C.E. man you know these fools are just LIARS
They got fundamental problems they're good DRYERS
But they're not FLIERS
They're wings are broken, they're sittin' there choking on bones
When they can get down on the microphone
I'm committed, I did it, I hit it
Completely.. reared system
All booted up uh, all suited up huh
Looking all cute, when I'm about to.. take your boots
And I'm about to take the gloves too
And everything I love I.. love you but I still gotta shove you
In my oven full of MCs cause you're not maTURE
You're not PURE, your styles don't enDURE
For SURE! .. this is WAR!
And I'm a warrior and you get ripped up and tore
All into pieces, huh, but uh check my thesis
P.E.A.C.E. is up next, aight peace

[P.E.A.C.E.]
You say styles is what you want, huh
You say styles is what you flaunt, huh
But you're not knowing about P.E. A-C-E and Aceyalone
We get down straight burn it to the bone
On the micropho-o-one, micropho-o-one
Get on down hound, dance if you wa-a-ant
We don't care we 'bout to take y'all home
To the end of the cut y'all don't know what's up
But break me down now
See ya homie
We out

Microphone