[Intro: Evidence]
Listen.  Ground Original, baby.  JS-1 and Dub-L.  El Da Sensai.  One, two

[Verse 1: Evidence]
Yo, live from my laboratory.  Lock my documents
Collab with JS-1, cross the continent
Confidence, blow your shit to no tomorrow, kid
We cold-hearted, but instead of borrow, give
I used to live a little different from the rest
Like "Instead of guard your grill, better guard your chest"
Knock out, see blues, greens, and red
Internal bleeding in Sweden in hospital beds
Understand the fact, understand the difference
A lot of shit ain't hot—you might fit the description
Print this, back drop nucleus
Turns on apex, blowers with Nitrous
Dilated squad super-charged flows
This year, fuck a jab—time to upper cut foes
Pick your mic up like the weapon you chose
And let off 'til all competition is froze
Dilated

[Scratch Hook]
"Nowadays, it's the ways of the underground" - Artifacts' "C'mon Wit Da Git Down"
"Bring it back—that old New York rap" - KRS-One's "Bring It Back"
"The underground"
"Ground Original" - Tonedeff
"New York City" - C-Rayz Walz

[Verse 2: C-Rayz Walz]
Your pessimistic flows have no chance of stopping this
Right before my Prime—I guess I'm in my Optimus
The spiritual who conduct lyrical rituals are limited in numbers
Among physical individuals who slumber
Rehearsing nervous nurseries won't raise your dead poem
I rep the underground sound like Chud with headphones
Spit in your face, make my statements clear
My Chinese astrology leaves me stuck in the Basement Year
Extract the fear, get the facts clear.  I swear
Y'all pussies ain't been fresh since your last pap smear (Yeah)
The Evidence is here to enhance your petty sight
And JS (One!) still nice with his hands like Jerry Rice
I don't need to end the verse in punctuation.  Just pump the bass in
Watch my posse jump in and punch your face in
I'm saying, "I'll become another memory to y'all
A legend in the hood with my name on the walls because..."

[Scratch Hook]
"Nowadays, it's the ways of the underground" - Artifacts' "C'mon Wit Da Git Down"
"Bring it back—that old New York rap" - KRS-One's "Bring It Back"
"The underground"
"Ground Original" - Tonedeff
"New York City" - C-Rayz Walz

[Verse 3: Pep Love]
You know your nigga Pep get Love
When I tunnel through the underground like Dig Dug, making black noise
Mental food, crude black oil for you overemotional cats that lack poise
Go through your b-boy convulsion as we keep coasting
Super duper fly on a natural high, posting
We 'bout to bring that real rap thrill back
The zest and the zeal that you mass appeal cats can feel
Threaten when we get energetic and set it
And soothe you with this musical sedative
I breathe life into the beat and let it live
My raps are rhetoric when the shit get competitive
For the love of my peeps and dope beats
I'mma keep it copacetic for my folks in the streets
As the all-eye-seeing earthquakes the ground
JS be easy on the cut.  No mistakes allowed

[Scratch Hook]
"Nowadays, it's the ways of the underground" - Artifacts' "C'mon Wit Da Git Down"
"Bring it back—that old New York rap" - KRS-One's "Bring It Back"
"The underground"
"Ground Original" - Tonedeff
"New York City" - C-Rayz Walz

[Verse 4: React]
I'm from the right side of the map, wrong side of the tracks
B-side of the wax.  East side and we back
React.  (Yo, who the hell is that?)
In a minute and a half, you won't be asking that
I kick a classic rap to surpass the wack
So feel the aftermath of the Jurassic scratch
Ayyo, I have to laugh at the nonsense they talk
They be running at the mouth but can they walk the walk?
Yo, I live in New York and that's the city that never sleeps
It's where dirty deeds get done dirt-cheap
And I creep down deep below the surface
Devising new ways to make the wack feel nervous
My purpose on Earth is to write this
And there's two things you can do about it: nothing and like it
You might get food if you come from out of town
But we down, by Lord, worldwide, underground

[Scratch Hook]
"Nowadays, it's the ways of the underground" - Artifacts' "C'mon Wit Da Git Down"
"Bring it back—that old New York rap" - KRS-One's "Bring It Back"
"The underground"
"Ground Original" - Tonedeff
"New York City" - C-Rayz Walz

[Outro: Afrika Bambaataa]
Peace, this is Afrika Bambaataa with my brother DJ JS-1 as he rock, shock your funky mind.  One more time.  One time for your mind.  Hit me!