[Verse 1: Fashawn]
This is for my A listers, bench dropping
Windows tinted wonder who inside it
Movie star, social lights, coke sniffing
You know the life in the club
VIP no fee, look on the house and you get in free
TFKs, Paris Hilton's parents pay hell a millions
The high archi of Hollywood
Don't let it affect your lovely hood
Easy to get blinded by the lights
Don't believe the hype, protect your sight
You'll be signing autographs from left to right
Your fifteen minutes is up, now what?
Sign that contract, now you stuck
Your fifteen minutes is up, good luck!

[Hook]
Some people try so hard, to be a movie star
They forget who they are
Before you know it they'gone
Some people try so hard, to be a movie star
They forget who they're are
Before you know it they'gone

[Verse 2: Fashawn]
Came to Hollywood with a dream in hand
Of motion pictures the same attentions
As a milgram other kids start famous instant
Couple things they forgot to mention like
Everybody is your competition
Moving too fast, should have stopped and listen
But he lost that popularity
An average Joe, he don't care to be!
Everyone thinks it's so easy
Being told that repetitively
It's far from that stardom
The media betrays on a TV screen
Back stabbers, smiley faces
Young hot shot could be your replacement
How it is in the business of entertainment?
Life down with the young rich and famous

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Fashawn]
I could be gone in a wind, do I stand a chance?
Could be number one then change your plans
Disappear quicker than a hundred grand
Reminiscent when I was the man
Seems as if someone's story shine
These days you gotta wait in line
Just a year ago everything was fine
They had no problem lettin' you inside!
The transformers, not the personnel
Maybe you need a little bit outrageous style
When we get the new Benz hit Mr. Charles
Right back in the in-crowd
Your agent's happy, your friends are proud
When you wasn't popular, none of them was around
Never there when shit goes down
Always there front row in the crowd
Cheering behind your back they all frown
Hard to tell who's real who's fake
Don't let the alphabet decide your place
Is the most hot, who designed are fate
So people gonna try to eat off your plate
And before you know it, it's too late!
All your money is gone, are you stuck?
Your fifteen minutes is up, good luck!

[Hook]