[Verse 1: Evidence]
Dear People, it's a minute since I checked in
Record's still spinning where I left it
I done a lot since I seen you last, shit moving fast
The world got itself in a real hurry
Still I tell 'em: worst come, don't worry
I bought that crib with the dough you left me
Then hit the plane toured the world
So bills made the first with rock babs and Al right beside me
Life is poison, it's ivy
I ain't speaking on yours, that's how mine be
He ain't lying, each verse I write the next minute of your life
Flow's ghetto the hood's my lively
Good health, yeah yeah to that
Another year in the black, so many years in the red
I was losing my mind, I was up on my game
Right person, wrong place, just ahead of my time and it's mine

[Hook: Kid Cudi]
Where do we go? Where do we go?
Where do we go when we're losing our minds?
Where should I go? Where should I go?
Where should I go when I'm losing my mind?
Where do we go? Where do we go?
Where do we go when we're losing our minds...minds?
This is our therapy

[Verse 2: Blu]
Dear People, been a minute since I checked in
Been, chin-checking mics, collecting checks but kept it steppin'
Stepped in with Ex but had to "X" a couple best friends
Who let ends be the reason I left them
The left wing of the west went
Venom in them cobras when the wind blows
Been on it since the moment rain was pouring out my window
I danced in it, in my b-boy stance
Standing in the midst kicking stanzas to chicks
Till they dance too
Cool as a fan, too, student of the true school
Catch me in a band and a game calling plays
Play da fool I make the rules
Call it lame but it's the law
Play the war yet whenever they play the song y'all get loose
Off the juice, busting hard earned bars to scar loots
Scarred youth, my heart's firm y'all it's all truth
God-Lee, cross-breed between Spike, God, and Bruce
When I'm kicking it, they're wondering if God's talking to Blu but it's...

[Hook]
Where do we go? Where do we go?
Where do we go when we're losing our minds?
Where should I go? Where should I go?
Where should I go when I'm losing my mind?
Where do we go? Where do we go?
Where do we go when we're losing our minds...minds?
This is our therapy