Intro:
Whatup?
Na, I can’t do this again, i’m not always trying to fight with you
Why do you even? Why do you even call my phone if all you want to do is argue?
This doesn’t even make sense anymore, i’m not doing this. Man, fuck it

Verse 1 (J. Lye):
Fuck it, I ain’t fighting no more
Hanging out with you, it shouldn’t feel like its a chore
I give you all I have, and all you ever say is more
I always let you win, it’s like you never keep score
First off, it isn’t my fault
If i’m ever approached, i’m not rude I just talk
Assuming the worst, girl you do it a lot
If I don’t post a picture, may still love the shot
And when i’m with friends, yeah we may hit the city
But please don’t get mad when I tell you I’m busy
Cause when I come home, you’re already in bed
Went through my phone, I should call you the feds
Being with you at a bar ain’t the same
But picking up girls? I’ve got nothing to gain
We’re fighting so much and i’m always to blame
So, I look in your eyes just to see how you’ve changed

Chorus (J. Lye & Nitty Scott):
You fight me a lot (you’re fighting me too)
I don’t want to hurt you (just show me some truth)
I’m tryna do right (you’re bout to get left)
I only want you (you’re just like the rest)

I don’t want a boy (well I am a man)
I just want a future (that’s all in my plans)
Fuck your emotions (go play the field)
You’re so full of shit (you know that i’m real)

Verse 2 (Nitty Scott):
Uh, Yo, Man, fuck you nigga
Swear that you’re Picasso, but you fuck up every picture
Say that we’re a couple, but no ring up on my finger
My girl hit my phone, said she saw your ass on Tinder
Right? And how i’m posing for my snapchat?
But when I send you them at night you never snapback?
Checking out all of your follows when you tap that
How the fuck did that girl get your snapback?
Shit, and now you’re hiding your phone
Not answering calls, and you swear you’re alone
Calling me family, but we’re not related
I’ve never met yours, its been years of this dating
Call me an angel, but treat me like satan
I said I don’t want you, but then you come chasing
Lots of men want me, and I am not staying
And this ain’t a game, so you know I ain’t playing

Chorus (J. Lye & Nitty Scott):
You fight me a lot (you’re fighting me too)
I don’t want to hurt you (just show me some truth)
I’m tryna do right (you’re bout to get left)
I only want you (you’re just like the rest)

I don’t want a boy (well I am a man)
I just want a future (that’s all in my plans)
Well settle it down (I promise I will)
You know that I love you (you know how I feel)