[Intro]
Yaaa yaaa
Y'all bitches lucky I pushed my album back

[Hook]
Yo yo

Little Buddha baby belly big from the cake
They ask me if I go hard I'm like nah imma stay
Try to mind my business, drink my water, stay aligned
But these crazy motherfuckers out they motherfuckin' mind (god damn!)
Where my spray?
Fuck nigga! Fuck nigga! Get away! (Imma spray) x3
Fuck nigga! Fuck nigga! Get away!

[Verse 1]
Nah imma let it rock
He think you pussy though
He think you ain't the type to turn up on a pussy hoe (girlllllll!)
Nah pussy come, pussy go
Imma let a pussy know
Cop another pound and keep it poppin' like a pussy show
Think I ain't with the shake just because I meditate
Fuckin' with the feng shui bitch I make it levitate
I did the Art of Chill but y'all make it hard to chill
Now I got the Creature beastin' on 'em nigga guard your grill

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Yo pockets fatter than a Buddha belly
Got big bazookas call me Buddhaveli
Come in peace but imma need a piece if you disturb the peace it's like a scene in Belly
Inhalation, exhalation
Hit my chakras with the activation
Twist it up like I was Oliver 'cause all these vultures do is give me agita (uh)
Beef is a broke bitch sport
I don't even play that sort (mhm)
Lookin' like New New, but I do the voodoo
I am the guru, the plug and the port
Used to hit a nigga with the C-4 (uh)
Know a nigga sell shells by the seashore (uh)
Deeper than a detour on the sea floor
Like fuck you think I smoke a lot of weed for? (uh)
Backwoods, I want backwoods
Imma spaz the pack, I trash woods (ah!)
Blazing like I knew the track would
Now these backtrackers wanna act good like
Aye, what nigga, fuck nigga want my brain?
Imma spray, light the incense 'fore I go insane
Never speaking what I don't believe in
Got a hitta with me and she been a vegan (ooh)
Blackarican, wanna freak and eat and gotta doobie reeking now it's Creature season bitch!

[Hook]
Yo yo
Little Buddha baby belly big from the cake
They ask me if I go hard I'm like nah imma stay
Try to mind my business, drink my water, stay aligned
But these crazy motherfuckers out they motherfuckin' mind (god damn!)
Where my spray?
Fuck nigga! Fuck nigga! Get away! (Imma spray) x3
Fuck nigga! Fuck nigga! Get away!