[Verse 1]

Yeah, The Boombox Diaries

Yo, I inspire to inspire
Rebel with the treble cutting through the barbed wire with a fiery desire
They say the running out of dope, need a new supplier
Till' I came on, yo is this thing on?
I gotta tell the people what it took to make this EP
How many labels tried to cheat me for a cheap fee
Trying to make it intimate while they just talking increments
Impotent but fuck it I guess I got good predicaments
I ain't a rapper, just a wordy abolitionist
Here to free the streets and ain't no pimpin' on my instrument
One for the money, and two for the show
Three for the record everybody here we go!

Yeah! Cause' I'm the last boombox
Holla "peace! peace!" when you see me on the block
(Boombox!)
I know you like that knock, Nitty Scott will keep it hot until the clock don't top
(Yeah!)
See we be like a breath of something fresh, generated generation power we possess
Rich is getting richer givin' less to the oppressed
But I'm destined for the best in the name of progress
I tell my story for the ones who forgot you; single mothers, fallen brothers, hustlers, I got you

[Bridge]
Too late I'm on for these Marilyn Monroe's
Concrete Roses
Going where the flows is

[Hook]

Uh huh, welcome The Boombox Diaries
Welcome to The Boombox Diaries
Uh huh, welcome The Boombox Diaries
Welcome to The Boombox Diaries
You are now inside The Boombox Diaries

[Verse 2]

Man I don't even watch TV
Cause nobody on the TV look like me
If I charge black cards or an EBT
I keep it Hip H-o-p when I MC
And ain't it sad, that I would have to shit in a bag
If I was a co-signed white girl with swag? Dag!
I've reached my interception
Mother of the New School Birth and Resurrection

Okay, I blaze trails like a traveler does
They want the glow of my aura
They want the strength of my buzz
And I'm learning that success is like a relative term
It brings a lot of relative looking for something to burn, but
I live the land of the frozen I am chosen
Homegrown flowing in zones they gobble souls in

[Bridge]

Too late I'm on for these Marilyn Monroe's
Concrete Roses
Going where the flows is

[Hook]

Uh huh, welcome The Boombox Diaries
Welcome to The Boombox Diaries
Uh huh, welcome The Boombox Diaries
You are now inside The Boombox Diaries


[Outro]

Hell yeah! Jewels!
We did it homie!
Hey I've been waiting to drop this project my whole fucking life!

From Grand Rapids to Florida
To Brooklyn and back
This is all I've ever wanted to do

Niggas say they had faith but ain't want to put it on paper
We good though, we good

Boombox Family!
We breathing life into this shit!
It's just the way I was raised

Let em' know that we ain't numbers, we are letters
Letters that form stories, and speak of our glory

Boombox Family, stand up!