[Intro: 03 Greedo]
03
Girl how you ain't keep it G?
Yeah, touch down

[Chorus: 03 Greedo]
If I went down would you stay round?
If I went down would you stay round?

[Verse 1: 03 Greedo]
If i admit that I'm a fugitive
Is you gon' ride and save the pussy if I do a bid?
Skinny nigga but I do it big
I'm paranoid so I keep a chopper and a SIG
If it get down and I can't get to it
Would you burn a nigga down, smoke him like a cig
I need the type that don't run from the dick
And she don't leave a drop on my fit when she swallow this shit
Unload it, I hollow the tips
Might put a hole in your wig
I'ma murder that pussy like it come from across the tracks
Might get fucked in the lot in the back
Keep it G, stay Jordan down
Projects support him now
Now you lay up, no relax
'Cause you ain't never fucked on the racks
Who put that arch in your back? 03

[Chorus: 03 Greedo]
If I went down would you stay round?
If I went down would you stay round?

[Verse 2: G Perico]
Is you gon' do me like them other bitches?
Last time that they sent me away to prison?
Top tier views of the building
The day room, the tower, and a whole gang of killers
I'm used to riding Gran Coupes, G sliding
My streets is private and the view's worth a million dollars
Is you gon' sit still while a nigga walk it off?
When they crack the gate I'm right back balling
Would you come to the visits?
If they say I murdered a nigga and they had an eyewitness?
Would you help me hide if I jumped bail?
When they ask questions bitch don't tell
Would you have another nigga driving in my car?
Take the money out the safe and then fuck it off?
I'm asking all these lil questions 'cause I gotta know
If you don't answer right, bitch you gotta go

[Chorus: 03 Greedo]
If I went down would you stay round?
If I went down would you stay round?

[Verse 3: Lil 100]
If I was locked up in the county would you write me?
Can I count you to be there, support me mentally?
Fuck your sympathy, I want your energy
Turn it into loyalty, name our daughter Royalty
Pay them lawyer fees if I go down
Would you hold me down, would you hold it down
Would you stay around?
Or would you switch like a snitch
Turn your back, get cold feet and jump ship
I don't need no broke bitch
I need a bitch who gon' listen
Cook dope out the pot, clean the kitchen
Don't be so promiscious
Can I trust you with my stash?
If they pop me would you secure bags?
Would you spend my last?
If I lost all I had
Would you visit me behind the glass?
I just have to ask, if I went down
Would you hold it down, would stay around
Would you hold me down?

[Chorus: 03 Greedo]
If I went down would you stay round?
If I went down would you stay round?