[Intro]
Without love
Lost in the darkness
Without love
Looking for light
Without love
Everlasting night
Without love

[Chorus: Maxo Kream]
Ayy, look, ayy
Should I serve him, should I rob him? (I don't know)
You know the plug (what?), always gave me problems (take 'em down Maxo)
Should I serve 'em, should I rob him? (should you what?)
Pop his top (boom), medulla oblongata, yeah (pow pow, bang, boom)
Should I serve 'em, should I rob him, yeah (who?)
Oh the plug (hey), he always give me problems (I don't know, ayy)
Serve him a what (yeah), rob him for that (ayy, Maxo)
Serve him for that (Maxo, Maxo), yeah

[Verse 1: Maxo Kream]
Mama told me (what?), Maxo you a heathen (bitch you bad)
On the corner (what?), crippin' with them demons, yeah (crip)
Triple double (what?), never double teamin', ayy (two three)
Brocolli lettuce (what?), trappin' like a vegan (damn)
I call the plug (hello?), but he don't wanna pick up (pick up bitch)
I'm not a bug (nah), bitch I'm tryna pick up, ayy (real)
Stash of drugs in the F-150 pickup, ayy (yroom)
Sippin' mud (yeah), bitch I got the hiccups, whoa (hiccup)
Watch me make a play from my tub like a reverend
Watch me stick a pussy nigga up like a tampon (Maxo)
I was thirteen when I caught my fifty-two (crip)
Pourin' whole things in the crip Mountain Dew, ayy (yeah)
Big homie, I don't fuck with new crips (hell nah)
Catch me groovin', like five holdin' two fifths, ayy (five deuce, yeah)
Should I serve him, should I rob him? (I don't know)
You know the plug (what?), always gave me problems (uh-huh)

[Verse 2: 03 Greedo]
Maxo bring the lean, Greedo bring the green
Hanging like some oranges and some grapes, bring down with a leaf
Plug for the drugs, hit the kitchen if you whip it up
Bring it back, bring it back, while receive the pack
Green from the Bay, the Yay Area, like where I'm at
Fiends where I stay, skate across the map, hit the H-Town
Maxo got the strap, rounds loaded, don't get clapped
Greedo got the MAC, cheese on niggas scalp, ooh
Peel off like a scab, low-lows ain't the swag
Foreign do the dash, purple in my rag
All I blew is cash, pop a xan and stash
Pop a xan a batch, lost him in a flash
Should I rob him, should I serve him?
Fuck it, I just popped him, now I'm swervin'
Me and my bitches cock it for that lurker
Can't be no accomplice to a murder, ayy
Should I rob him, should I serve him?
Should I rob him, should I serve him?
Should I rob him, should I serve him?
Should I rob him, should I serve him?

[Chorus: Maxo Kream]
Ayy, look, ayy
Should I serve him, should I rob him?
You know the plug, always gave me problems
Should I serve 'em, should I rob him?
Pop his top, medulla oblongata, yeah
Should I serve 'em, should I rob him, yeah
Oh the plug, he always give me problems
Serve him a what, rob him for that
Serve him for that, yeah