[Produced by Audio BLK & Omen]

[Intro: XV]
Vizzy
Emo, haha
You be the judge, haha
Uh

[Verse 1: XV]
Can someone tell me who this is all for?
And why I’m on the mirror’s edge, running on walls for?
20 biddies, one of Vizzy, this shit is uncalled for
But that girl with the ponytail should run with the dark horse
And I deserve it, all my life I worked hard for
Them other cats ain’t going in, that shit is soft porn
I overcame obstacles like parkour and if I get off course
It’s only ‘cause my banking is off shore
Now I ask for dutches, they give me double like jumping rope
Never been a virgin ‘cause I was always fucking dope
Doing something different, I’m getting top in convertibles
And I don’t spend a thing so why do I feel vertigo?
I be in the cut, tell them girls let’s get surgical
Fahrenheit 451, that paper we just burning through
Create money from me to cremate money, I earn it too
Do this look like work to you? Nah…

[Hook: XV and Erin Christine]
Looking at the lights like is all of this for me?
Everyone at night is here, all of this for me
Hands in the air, yeah all of this for me
Bottles over here, all of this for me
All of this for me, all of this for me
Life fast, lights flash, all of this for me
All of this for me, all of this for me
Models bringing bottles, yeah all of this for me

[Verse 2: CyHi The Prynce]
You for real? All of this for me?
Pussy, alcohol, and weed, all of this for free?
We ball hogging like we balling for the Heat
I did it first for passion, man this shit at least cost a G
Warner Brother T.I.G, turn this bitch to Dawson’s Creek
Papa John’s with the bread ‘cause we in here tossing cheese
Used to be broke as hell so I had to drop the streets
Till I got saved by them bells like I walk the hall with Screech
Come and get your bitch ‘cause your dog is off the leash
‘Cause we know how to party man, they call us Boston Tea
Plus I’m in an outfit that’s as sharp like Jaws’ teeth
Snuck my rosay out the club, what you think these bottles cheap?
With a model that call me baby more times than Monique
Niggas say I’m outta shape ‘cause my pockets is obese
I don’t care that’s your girl, all these broads in here are freaks
Don’t make me pull my arms out like I’m flexing my obliques

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Vado]
Hermes belt with a H buckle, beige bubble
Stopping at her waist as she waits for you, stray bubble
But her quiet storm like a tre muffle, age double
No forgetting money and straight hustle
Fake muscles get you a off day, denim shirt be from All Saints
Sleeves rolled, I’m in beast mode, don’t get your boys spanked
30 and your broads think they got money from all banks
Check clear okay, we leave and tell ‘em all thanks
Baking a tall cake, I'mma need a wall safe
Mansion got four gates, three pools and a small lake
Quick to get it on time, I never call late
Shorty crashed the car, she called me before Allstate
R-U-G-B-Y, Seagull when you see me fly
Helicopter’s Petey Pab, Aston Martin DB9
We balling, can’t you see?
Different cars at one time, I’m like is all of this for me?

[Hook]

[Outro: Erin Christine]
Now wait a minute, raise your glass
Let’s toast to the, toast to the past
Lights flash, let’s be honest, you did all of this for me
Yeah, this shit was all I knew, you and me only
You did this all for me, baby don’t you see? All of this for me