[Verse 1]
I just want to be a legend before I D I E
Niggas say they want to smoke me like the tree I chief
In my C I G, like B I G
Your own people hate you more than the P I G’s
Throwing money in the club, screaming T I G
Made ten bands on the G I G
What you tryna do shawty I done D I D
I’m just doing this rap shit to try and feed my niece
Fair east side, where I reside
My niggas butchers cause it’s hard to let the beef slide
Grew up in the church but don’t think that I ain’t street wise
End up in the trunk with your hands and your feet tied
Speak my mind, I was never one of those meek guys
Been a leader since knee high
All the freaks used to treat me like a Greek god
Had a chick at Dunwoody, bad bitch at Creekside

[Hook]
If you don’t believe
I was the coolest nigga on my street
If you don’t believe
You can ask all the hustlers, you can ask the freaks
If you don’t believe
If you don’t believe
You never know what you can achieve

[Verse 2]
All I need is hope, but I never got a scholarship
All I ever got was a pistol and some hollow tips
Huh, a few pounds and a lot of whips
Could’ve sold dope but that wasn’t my prerogative
I was more positive, tryna stay out of jail
Wild little niggas, oh we gave the cops hell
Rides [?] Scotsdale, I was making pot sales
Killed the fruit on my like cocktails
I do this for my nigga Greg cause he never got bailed
Real goon put a hot shell in your [?]
No joke, I ain’t Jerry Seinfeld
The only reason I ain’t in the street is cause I rhyme well
I just want a chariot and two Clydesdales [?]
And an outfit from YSL
Tryna do something that most people that try failed
But you never make it if you

[Hook]

[Outro - MLK]
I come here tonight and plead with you. Believe in yourself and believe that you’re somebody. As I said to a group last night, nobody else can do this for us! No document can do this for us. No Lincolnian Emancipation Proclamation can do this for us. No Kennesonian or Johnsonian Civil Rights Bill can do this for us. If the Negro is to be free, he must move down into the inner resources of his own soul and sign with a pen and ink of self-assertive manhood, his own Emancipation Proclamation!