[Intro]
It's one in the same as muscle, you're a great hustler, ya dig?
And you gotta keep it playa all the time, man
You ain't even gotta keep it G
You got too many gangsters on your team with you (CyHi!)
What's crazy, is real live spots
It don't be no dope on Sundays, or thots
Because that's when them folks sliding through
Them they main days, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays
So you either pick yo days or pick yo battles right, cuz
Shit, nigga look up and be lost
People straight just moving and smuggling
All you gotta do is make sure that shit hit that safe
And you gon have a bank roll to put in

[Chorus]
Get your money and get out the game
Get your money and get out the game
Get your money and get out the game
Get your money...

[Verse 1]
I'm from the home of the Georgia peach
We had to call Meech if you wanted to order keys
Our blow was from Miami (whew!) enjoy the Florida breeze
Got a Zo' pound and broke it down to all quarter P's
Don't run off with the pack, my nigga, we used to torture thieves
Immigrant killers, huh, I think they Portuguese
And y'all lookin' like some sittin' ducks just a porch of geese
At 17, I was on the run with a fugitive
All he gave me was game and I kept it like it a souvenir
I swear I seen them things come, whiter than some new veneers
I was supposed to be in school, I think it's like my junior year
Cadillac Coupe DeVille, he said, "Remember three rules
First you 'gon need a tool and if you pull it, shoot to kill
Never shit where you lay, don't bring that work to the crib
Clique full of killers, that means you got a weak crew
You need some corporate gangsters, just can't have a bunch of street dudes"
Never gang-bang but I can call 'em if I need to
My homies was crippin' so hard, all they eat is seafood
Had a manager named Bellow, he used to teach me Kung-Fu
It was ironic 'cause I had to call him Shifu
Boy I'm dope, you should put the lighter on the teaspoon
All I know is drug-lords, kingpins, street cats
Funny I'm all of them niggas rehab
Fuck around and relapse when I hear this beat slap
Just on Brockett Road alone, I was servin' like three traps
I was deep in the game, I'm talkin' to my knee caps
If a cutie was a mile, I just served a nigga three laps
I be nervous when I rap cause I be thinking the beat tap-pin'
You and your dogs is all bark, I'm talkin' tree sap

[Interlude]
Dig this, man sharpen man like steel sharpens steel, understand me?
Check this out cuz, every nigga think he the slickest thing moving
'Til he gets washed in the game

[Chorus]
Get your money and get out the game (get money!)
Get your money and get out the game
Get your money and get out the game (get money!)
Get your money (dollar, dollar bill!)

[Verse 2]
Yeah, Godfathers, top shotters, block robbers
Outsiders, box riders, God got us
Dodge Chargers, mob daughters, trap houses
Fly swatters, dough stoppers, got choppers
Know mobsters who love murder, like soccer
Light talker, put in work, night walker
Might off ya, good shooter, knife propper
Dice dropper, street ties, white collar
I done seen it all, I was taught by the mob
When you stop behind the car, give yourself another car length
Can't let 'em box you in, that's how they did Pac them
Only trust your friends as far as you can toss them
And you ain't a boss if you ain't ever took a loss, pimp
When you in the club leave your pistol on the car rim
My OG's done retired, that's why the police never caught them
So get your money and get out, that's the lost gem

[Interlude 2]
See this shit ain't got no love for nobody
You niggas think you poppin' right now?
You better have a back-up plan
Put these fools up on this, CyHi
There's only three ways out this shit
Dead, jail or get your legal hustle on
I'm talkin' car-washes, barbershops, real-estate
App-stores, gyms, juice, clubs, rim shops
Studios, understand me?

[Chorus]
Get your money and get out the game (get money!)
Get your money and get out the game
Get your money and get out the game (get money!)
Get your money (dollar, dollar bill!)