[Hook]
She danced around and around, to an old guitar melody, oh yes she did
She danced around and around, to an old guitar melody, guitar melody, guitar melody

[Verse 1]
Yeah, shawty got the body of a goddess
You can see it better from beside it
Plaid shirt around her waist just to hide it
Bet that pussy is so aquatic
Even in some jeans man that thing swings
Shawty Celine Alexander McQueen clean
This ain't a fling I wanna see yah ring bling bling
I'm trying to knock that pussy out, ding. ding. ding
Girl i'm talking lean cuisine steamed green beans
I make Martin Luther Kings dream seem keen
Made it out me teens and ain't never sing sing sing
My name ring like the strings Springsteen bring, ring
So shawty bounce that ass for me, and you might come get a stack from me
They act funny, 'til they see that cash money, honey
I ain't nothing like the last dummy
So can you make it shake?
Haha, can you make it it shake?

[Hook]
Baby make it clap for me
Make it clap for me, make it clap for me, make it clap for me
Sexy bring it back for me
Make it clap for me, make it clap for me, make it clap for me
Sexy bring it back for me
Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Shake that
Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Shake that, ha
Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Ca-ca-can you shake that? Can you shake that? Can you shake that?
She danced around and around, to an old guitar melody
She danced around and around, to an old guitar melody

[Verse 2]
Lil mam
Baby bounce that ass for Fernando
I'm more than the nigga trapping out the bando
I'm talking Amsterdam Blue grass with a banjo
Take your son to Disneyland, tan in Orlando
Bet you ain't never seen the sand out in Saint Tropez
And yo ass look good when you dance slow
Luchini falling from the sky call it Camp Lo
Shirt from France but my pants from Japan though
It's hard to get my eyes off of her
Plus I can give her more than what those other guys offer her
The twist is Oliver she say she go to college and she taking training school
I'm like what you on the MARTA for?
Cause that thing sittin' right from the front
I can see some Rosa Parks in her
I took her off the bus and I cuffed her like a officer
She say her name was Kia so I put her in a Optima
Lil' momma know I'm popular, they watch me like binocular
But she gon make a playa cut a rug like a carpenter
Ha! shawty sassy as she wanna be remind me of the Mona Lisa trying to get her home with me
It's crazy how you move it on the beat
So shawty shake it right in front of me
While I smoke a blunt of kiesha I bet when your laying naked on your side
Your booty shaped like the number 3
If I was looking for a girl, you would be a nominee
So gon bend that thang over and drop it right in front of me, yeah

[Hook]
Can you make it shake? (make it shake)
Baby make it clap for me, make it clap for me, make it clap for me, make it clap for me
Sexy bring it back for me
Make it clap for me, make it clap for me, make it clap for me
Sexy bring it back
Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Shake that
Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Can you shake that?
Shake that
Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Ca-ca-can you shake that? Can you shake that? Can you shake that? Shake that?
She danced, she danced and, danced around, she danced, she danced and, danced around
To an old guitar melody, guitar melody, guitar melody, to an old guitar melody, oh yes she did, she danced, she danced and, danced around