[Intro]

Damn shawty, I like yo girl
You probably like mine too though
I mean you can have her if you let me have her. Hehaha
(CYHIIIIIII)
(yeah)

[Verse 1: Cyhi Da Prynce]

The girl your standin' next to shawty, I probably done hit her
She wanted to come to the club with me but I wouldn't come get her
Dogg, I can't be naive. I know she got more than one nigga
And if you want the chick I came with, I'd probabaly consider
Cause these hoes ain't shit, and us niggas ain't either
Once I meet her, give her P-Dub by the meter then I leave her
Cyhi don't do relationships, so I am not a cheater
Fucked that bitch so long ago I had her number in my beeper
So shawty you can keep her, I-I won't get emotional
I don't check her phone and look for shit I'm not supposed to know
Like what she did with so-and-so. Like I don't know the ho a ho?
So you should'nt give a fuck about where the hell her Corolla go. (GO-G-GOO)
I'm lookin' for a pro. I'm in that Po-lo(lo), fresh from my throat to toe
So shawty we can share. I got a beer, plus a spare
Which one you want? The one with the ass, or the hair? Causeeee

[Hook]

I live like a swinga', I live like a swinga'
Today I'm with Monica but tonight I'm with Christina
I live like a swinga', I live like a swinga'
I don't cuff these hoes, cause that's not in my demeanor
I live like a swingaaaaaa', I live like a swingaaaaaa'
Wake in the morning then I give that bitch the finga', (OKAY)
Act like I've never seen her, I live like a (YEAH) swingaaaaa'

[Verse 2: Cyhi Da Prynce]

Man your girl look familiar, I can't remember where I seen her at
Don't worry if I take her cause I'm guaranteed to bring her back
Say sexin' with no stings attached. I heard she was a fiend for that
Make her get in the shower before cause she gotta clean the cat
One-once I whip it out, it's like I'm trying to swing a bat
I'm lookin' at her body, that thing between her fat
She love givin' dome, now her face where my arena at
And during sex she sound so good I might just let her sing a track
She just made a flood, where is FEMA at?
In she in the bathroom, I can't remember where my jeans are at
And when she finish, she always bring a rag;
To whip the Prynce down. These are the type of nights that a swinga' has

[Hook]

I live like a swinga', I live like a swinga'
Today I'm with Monica but tonight I'm with Christina
I live like a swinga', I live like a swinga'
I don't cuff these hoes, cause that's not in my demeanor
I live like a swingaaaaaa', I live like a swingaaaaaa'
Wake in the morning then I give that bitch the finga', (OKAY)
Act like I've never seen her, I live like a (YEAH) swingaaaaa'