[Produced by TEC BEATZ and Sekou Muhammed]

[Verse 1]
CYHI! I'm a freedom fighter, Dalai Lama from a weed supplier
I'm Muhammad to the rap game, that's my last name, my first should be Elijah
And I need a choir, frequent flyer gold medallion: Jesus piece
I'm the one the real G's admire cuz I'm trying to get niggas to leave the streets
And I don't need the beat, cuz I can easily
Speak to these, niggas through the frequencies
To compete wit me, you gone need a Priest to preach
Or your sweetest niece to give a hell of a Easter speech
I keep the heat, right there underneath the seat
Got pulled over by the Police this week
They ask me why I got this fully loaded piece with me
I say "Officer I'm just trying to make home peacefully"
So I'm riding with the rifle, another iron, and a Bible
Call my niggas out in Paris help 'em climb up the Eiffel
We don't give a fuck cuz it's all about survival
When you caught up in the cycle and you feel like you're entitled to
More than what you getting and it turn you homicidal
Y'all know that I'm the best but i swear y'all in denial
And they don't wanna say it cuz I'm better than they idol
Got the mind of a disciple when I'm rocking a revival
But I'm soon to be the King fuck you and your team, bada-boom bada-bing
If you don't like the way I rule my regime
Like the month before June nigga spring
I'm Desmond Tutu mixed with the Zeus of the Zulus
I'm the leader of the new school man I swear I'm starting to feel like...

[Bridge]
Mandela! Nelson Nelson! (I want my troops in the field like)
Mandela! Nelson Nelson! (All these niggas wanna kill)
Mandela! Nelson Nelson! (Y'all gone make me do 20 years like)
Mandela! Nelson Nelson! (Man I'm starting to feel like)

[Hook]
Like Nelson Mandela, Nelson Mandela
Like Nelson Mandela, Nelson Mandela
Like Nelson Mandela, Nelson Mandela
Like Nelson Mandela, Nelson Mandela


[Verse 2]
Nelson Mandela get to know your ancestors
Can't tell me they ain't jealous of a 7-gram seller
It was something about Mary, nigga I was Ben Stiller
Now the fans fan-mail us all the way from Manchester
Can't tell us shit if you ain't never spent
Time trying to sell a nick just to get
The car with the trunk in the front
Shawty that's a elephant
Intelligent nigga with hella sense
Speak with such eloquence
Ever since I been on my regimen
Niggas been upset with Prynce
But let 'em vent while I start a revolution
Seem like when your work hard, you never get your retribution
Niggas sending threats but I Keep something with me
Sound like dooka-dooka-dooka when I'm shootin'
Same ones that was singing Huey Newton
Prince to a King, you don't see the evolution
20 years in the pen, man that's really execution
So I encourage each and every student
To stay in school, play it cool, obey the rules or
Pay your dues, make a move, take a tool or
Write some raps, make a mixtape with Clue, and
You can be dope as me, April Fool's Boy
Trying to get 40 acres and a mule boy
Ridin with 40 acres in a two door
I feel like Larenz Tate in the pool hall
Right before Terrance Howard lit the Newport

[Bridge]

[Hook]