Alright, Alright, Alright, Alright, Jay Sleeky Sleeky
Say bad man feel my flow, but dem like from say dem
Know too knowI started on the streets I know, I
Remember back in the days I know
One jeans, one shirt, and that same shoe
Every day say we dey hustle. We just tryna make a
Living, but bad man say dem don't likeee ohhhhI kept
On believing, what you see sometimes can be
Deceiving. Man crying, still see, and the death still
Talk and am still breathing. Suffer doesn't kill you
Just makes you stronger
Somethings I see just makes me ponder. People still
Bussin' my guy I wonder. I say i know know o
**Se b'Oluwa lo ni maribatise, se b'Oluwa lo
Ni ma r'odun m'odun, se b'Oluwa lo ni ma f'ayo
S'ayo
'Cause dey got to know, say bad man got to
Knowwww say say. No be woo carry me pass, dem
Say na dem carry me pass. Dey don't stop to yan
Nem do pass
Dem say na dem too do pass. Dey wan run my race
Hundred meters, dey say dey wan run hundred
Meters. Dey want to go my way, look distance
I say bad man, look distance. I love the life I'm living
I thank my God for giving, the glitters can be
Deceiving. Some people don't pray for your healing
My brother. Look sharp, stop sleeping. I swear I
Know that feeling, of everything breaking down
Things going around
I just bounce back and say say **Se b'Oluwa
Lo ni maribatise, se b'Oluwa lo ni ma r'odun m'odun
Se b'Oluwa lo ni ma f'ayo s'ayo
Cause se dey got to know, say bad man got to
Knowwww say say
*Bridge* My brother stop crying, just count your
Blessings and name dem one by one. My sister stop
Wailing, say look your neighbor you, you go no say
God do am, for you for me
All I wan see, put your hands in the air and thank God
For what He's done for youuuuu.**Se b'Oluwa
Lo ni maribatise, se b'Oluwa lo ni ma r'odun m'odun
Se b'Oluwa lo ni ma f'ayo s'ayo
'Cause dey got to know, say bad man got to
Knowwww say.Se b'Oluwa lo ni maribatise, se
B'Oluwa lo ni ma r'odun m'odun, se b'Oluwa lo ni ma
F'ayo s'ayo
'Cause dey got to know, say bad man got to
Knowwww say say