Aah yeah, Are you ready? (Sarz on the beat!) Baby i get plenty money, I will buy you all you wanting. Baby follow me go see mummy, Girl you're all i want and more I’m feeling your sexy body

Girl your body's so hypnotic

Baby i no go lie at all I'm not a perfect gentleman Oh baby follow me go I go show you the reason Girl i get money I make it rain every season Baby follow me go, You’re all i need If na long tin you need i'm mr giving you all you need. Oya sare wa gba sisi Sade wa

Sare wa gba mo gbeni wa

Sare wa gba mun wole wa Baby go down mo ni kojo Sare wa gba sisi sadewa Sare wa gba mo gbeni wa Sare wa gba mun wole wa Baby go down mo ni kojo Aaaaaah... If you know you are feeling this spiritually, let me hear you say yeah yeah (Yeah yeah!) Alright.lets go Seven OK... six Lets go... five Aah yeah... four Lets go... three OK... two Are you ready now?...One Aaaaah... Gidi Samba, samba, samba Komaroll Samba, samba, samba Ja jo Samba, samba, samba Komaroll Samba, samba, samba Ja jo Baby girl, baby girl whine it, You're killing me inside slowly Baby please no try me 'cos i be givng you all you need Baby girl baby girl whine it I'll be your J, you'll be ma Beyoncé You and i forever, Like a tatoo, i dey your body I'm feeling you and you're feeling me The things that i need you are giving me, You promise me say no leaving me Oh baby girl na na na na na I’m feeling you and you’re feeling me You're teasing me and I’m feeling it The things that i need you are giving me, Oh baby girl na na na na na Oh baby follow me go I go show you the reason Girl i get money I make it rain every season Baby follow me go, You're all i need If na long tin you need i'm mr giving you all you need. Oya sare wa gba sisi Sade wa Sare wa gba mo gbeni wa Sare wa gba ko wole wa Baby go down mo ni kojo Sare wa gba sisi sadewa Sare wa gba mo gbeni wa Sare wa gba ko wole wa Baby go down mo ni kojo Aaah Samba, samba, samba Komroll Samba, samba, samba Ja jo Samba, samba, samba Komaroll Samba, samba, samba Ja jo Samba, samba, samba Komaroll Samba, samba, samba Ja jo Samba, samba, samba Komaroll Samba, samba, samba Ja jo (Komaroll) (Ja jo) (Komaroll) (Ja jo) (end