Shock me flipping on a good drink, popping on a woo wee, while we're on the vip
Truth is but the likes my movie said she ain't no booby, she just wanna... me, let's go
Shock me flipping on a good drink, popping on a woo wee, while we're on the vip
Truth is but the likes my movie said she ain't no booby, she just wanna... me

Take my hand and follow me girl cause I want you all on me girl
She talking to me... I say let's go get laid
She thinks she's gonna... paper, after it's all said and done
She wants to pop champagne, I call some private plane
I say she want it game, after it's all said and done
I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her

Hands up, I'm... hands up, when you see my mansion and we pull up to my girl
... told me you was a hustler, I don't care it much, cause I'ma...
Get your girls and follow me girl cause I can take all of three girl
See... the girl you like, so freaking so exciting, they think they're gonna get laid
After it's all said and done
She wants to pop champagne, I call some private plane
I say she want it game, after it's all said and done
I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, let's go

They broke me, evil took my... had to call the police
Man this is a dark...
Answers, anything they got her, told me to describe her
But I don't even know her name
Guess you got me... on me girl, your home is follow me girl
Right after the menage, they said they're up and ride
They bought and all get labor after it's all said and done
She wants to pop champagne, I call some private plane
I say she want it game, after it's all said and done
I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, I love her, let's go
After it's all said and done, all said and done baby
After it's all said and done
It's something about you baby, I can't seem to get enough
Now I know you're after labor your bad just seems so good
You're better than any drug I've ever had
You know what? I got a feeling this leads to something
I'm seeing... bank accounts
You're moving your clothes into my closet and imagine...

Baby, oh, yeah
And there's she's grinding me fighting off that she's gonna be alone so she can be...
Her little body is popping in I just wanna get her home so I can so I can so
So I can walk away
I'ma take you somewhere where nobody knows
Begin with to see you coming out the clothes
I'ma put my pants on you, I'ma put my hands on you
I'ma back it up, strap it up and put this man on you
All set done, after it's all said and done
After it's all said and done, after it's all said and done, after it's all said and done
After it's all said and done, after it's all said and done