Can I be your tennis ball (tennis ball, tennis ball)
You can smack me up against the wall babe
Do it slow or do it fast
Can I fit inside your….bag babe
Some men wanna be J-Lo’s thong
Beyonce seeing Jay-Z, ain’t that wrong
(It just don't look right does it i'm just)
I’m tired of that Ashanti song
Baby can you put me on let me be your tennis ball
We can go
15-love
30-40 love
Advantage you
Til' we get to
Deuce babe
In your black Puma suit
I just wanna I just I just
(cut it cut it cut it)
Can I be your tennis ball?

[Remix]

I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your
I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your
I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your
Tennis ball (tennis ball)
HARMONY!
I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your (Oh whoa whoa whoa)
Oh Serena, Serena  (I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be yours)
Tennis ball (tennis ball)
Tennis ball
Baby for a year I long to be your man
I can be your tennis ball
You can pop me out of a can
Clay court, Grass court
Girl, you don't, it's grass
Tuck me baby right
Right next to your ass (I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your)
I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your
Thought I heard some news
I hope this just ain't right
Somebody dropped a dime
Said you were seeing somebody white
What the French Open is going on (what the French Open is going on, what the French Open is going on)
Stop, wait a minute, stop stop stop
(unintelligible French)
I wanna be I wanna be yours (I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be yours)
'Cause if I was your ball (If I was your ball)
Girl there is no job (If I was your ball)
I would of never been out of bounds
Dropshot, topspin, U.S. Open, Wimbledon
I was your tennis ball
You would have beat that Russian
I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your (Everybody sing it with me)
I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your
I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your
Tennis ball (tennis ball)
Stop
Don't you know you look so fine
Whoever you're seeing
His tennis racket ain't big as mine
See this racket, can you handle it
Can you handle it?
Can you handle it?
You know what I want you to do
I want you to hit me one time hit me
Hit me two times
Dammit hit me three times
Hit me four times
You know what, hit me infinity
Oh yeah (oh yeah)
Aaah, Ooh, baby
Get the hell away from me
Get the hell away from me
Break it down

(Interlogue)
Now dammit Serena we done spent a lotta money on these props. What I want you to do, I want you to come up here. Come up. Come on Serena, I want to smack the hell out of me. Tinted Rose full couch baby. Come on, oh my god, give it up for the greatest. Take your time, take your time. Don't hurt me, don't hurt me. Smack it, go ahead...hard as you can...not that hard

Oooooooooooooh, I just wanna be
Oh that's what i'm talking bout
Oh I just wanna (I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your)
I just wanna be (I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your)
I just wanna be (I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your)
I wanna be your (I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your)
I'll put it down, I bet he can't put it down like this, I know he can't (I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be your)
15, 30, 40 love; you finished me dammit