(feat. Common)

[Girl:] Do I look fat to you?
[Jamie:] Baby you know I love you
[Girl:] That's not what I asked you

[Common:] Uh, Uh, Uh

[Verse One:]
Girl I know your going crazy, let me help you understand
That you're about to have my baby, and we about to be a fam
Don't you know that when we got married, we'd be true through thick and thin?
Well I know you're lookin thick now, but I'm witcha to the end
U still got it...

[Chorus:]
U still got it gurl e'ry day, e'ry night you know you rock my world
(Don't you know that you still got it?)
And your emotions flowin' cause you know that your body's growin
(Don't you know that you still got it)
That new jersey's snug, well I ain't mad at that baby, it's just more to love
(U still got it)
Oh baby, your love's crazy, cause you havin my baby
(And there's so much more to love)

[Verse Two:]
See you walkin through the mall now, see them outfits that you like
Oh but you scared to try them on now, cause they just won't fit you right
And you stedy watchin Oprah, tryin to redefine your life
But as long as your my lady, I don't care about your size

[Bridge:]
Your hair, (your hair I know) I know your feet are swelling
No need to cry I dig them thighs, that's why I'm telling you
U still got it...

[Chorus:]
U still got it gurl e'ry day, e'ry night you know you rock my world
(Don't you know that you still got it?)
And your emotions flowin' cause you know that your body's growin
(Don't you know that you still got it)
Them new jeans is snug, well I ain't mad at that baby, it's just more to love
(U still got it)
Oh baby, your love's crazy, cause you havin my baby
(And there's so much more to love)

[Common:]
Take a look at my lady, and my day began to shine
Told her, "Baby being beautiful is a state of mind, and you are."
So, had to let your mind and your heart know, as you grow, the more, the more I see God glow
I know it's probably strange, seeing your body change
Can't fit your clothes, nose ain't the same
But love still remains, it won't vary with me
Look at you and smile, thinkin' Damn she carry a me!
A life we created, we can cherish forever
You growin, but it's sexy, the sex is even better
But through thick and thin, pickles and peanut butter, is a divine mother, queen and supreme lover
U still got it

I know that you still got it
Don't you know that you still got it?
U still got it