Intro: ~Joe Budden~]
Welcome to the 40/40!
There's an age limit and dress a code
No 80 year old rappers...
And no motherfucking... wallet chains and tight pants and colorful fucking shirts!
And don't come naked though, hahahahah!

[Royce Da 5'9":]
That motherfucking beef ain't new to us! (whoooo!) Get off my computer nuts
Before I go Freddie Foxx from the Flavor Unit bus!
Plus, you know my La Costra Nostra
I stretch a nigga out like he Rosa Acosta!
Nope, you blew it! — I'm a boxer I could mop a lame
"Oh, Let's Do It"! I hit you with the Waka Flocka (Flame!)
I don't need backing, so there's no need for Shady (uh-huh!)
There's no need for police, your homies, your lady! (HOE!)
We can lace them up, Paperview, however you wanna do
And then donate all the proceeds to Haiti! (whooo!)
Your man's major!
I keep a hitman with me that done took more people than Fantasia! [gunshots] (uhh!)
I'm bonkers, I'm cuckoo! I'm beyond gonzo (cuckooooooooooooooooooooooo!)
The rocket launcher is like part of my ensemble! (hahaha!)
On top of that — I got niggas in Boston who got my back
And they gon' assist me like Rajon Rondo! (whoo!)
So fuck peace!
The day I quit beefin'be the same day I grow a hangnail on my buttcheek!
My momma got fangs, my daddy got ducks feet!
I was genetically predisposed to fuck freaks!
I'm like my nigga Joe B.!
I ain't worry about the win as long as I get the girl in the end! (girl in the end!) (Ho!)
Y'all niggas be dead, if looks could kill
My money taller than y'all; y'all spending Bushwick Bills
And y'all ghetto! (and y'all ghetto!) - Squeezing — you weak when I spark metal (whoo!)
You leaking, therefore you're squeaking to falsetto!
My shit is nothing like you heard before
Get it, right? My shit is knocking like our words be doors!
We can fight! (hahaha!) — That's right, put your dukes up
And let you fist pump - like you on the Jersey Shore! (Jersey Shore!)
Paranoia is my normal activity, I ghost you!
Have you seeing "Paranormal Activity"? I roast you!
When he rhyming (whoooo!) off the pa-tron! - You might wanna quit trying!
He will burn you like Penny's mama offa Good Times!
I'm fly as shit, but grounded like the Gaza Strip!
But let's be honest, I'm surrounded by a thousand tits!
I claimed the town before I give you lames the crown
You'll get it soon as Snoop gains a pound
Hahaha! - We too vicious, plus we got pits in the back an'
"Dirty Money" like them two bitches Puffy backin'
(Whooooooo-Aaaahhhhhhhhhh!)

[Joe Budden:]
Livin' off interest! - Stock exchange!
But I'm watchin lames whos interest is wallet chains!
What part of the game is this - bunch of dicks in the studio
So I take mine elsewhere, I'm Rick Rubio!
Homie make sure you speak to me sober
One in the head - heat in holster don't care if you cross
Country! (yeah!) - I'm there before the weekend's over
And you'll be (YOU'LL BE!) swingin' at the air - no Wii controller!
But I don't care to speak on chrome
Hard to not live a movie when you got theater seats at home!
No wonder she wanna chill, seat back with her friends
She seen when I dump boo I let her keep that Benz!
Dick got 'em actin' like they on a relapse binge!
Start kickin' my door down like I don't need that hinge!
The realest to ever do it, he a must in the game (game!)
If you don't get the picture then readjust the frame! (Talk to 'em!)
It's simple mathematics, Einstein!
Learnt to walk a fine line off that battle shit, it's grind time! (grind time!)
Rap for hire! Call me if help is needed!
I got this whole shit covered - Darrelle Revis!
(AAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!)
So if you lookin for me
I'm relaxing with a bird or Hell's Kitchen, asking for dessert! ('ey, 'ey!)
So when I'm recordin' dummies become non-important
They think the Book of Eli was written by Tom Coughlin
I ain't with the trash talkin', that's distortion! (that's distortion!)
Mass extortion! - All of your raps is appallin! (Nigga!)
Want see me dead?
I'll invite 'em to the funeral and they can keep the stains off my glass coffin! (Glass coffin!)
Yep it's Joe, irregular flow!
If your ones ain't Gayle King right next to a "O"!
It's not a thing, just lie! Be the next to blow
I don't need a private jet, just a window seat, exit row!
And if I decide to peel arms - I'm interrupting
With no pardon! - I ain't Mike Wilbon!
From day one, he just speak his mind
Cause looseleafs don't come with subtitles, can't read between the lines!
But think anybody on your TV be
In your top of elite three, then CC me!
5th gear! - We kickin' up dust mothafucka! (DUST MOTHAFUCKA!)
We only competin' with us mothafucka! (FLOCKA!)
[Outro: Joe Budden]
Hope everybody had a good time out there!
Huh?
The...
Ay!
No entry allowed if you got the fake diamonds on neither!
You can fool the bitches, you can't fool us!
The light hit it different!
Make sure there's fucking laces in your shoes too!
Not all the funny shit with the straps!
We ain't 5, aight?
And bring a notebook!
Learn something nigga!
Huh?
You fuck of a fuck nigga you!
Hehh!
You a un-fuckable fuck nigga, man!
Who's your fucking hair stylist?
Hehehehe!
Hey!
Don't talk to me if you got a hair stylist!
Better have a barber!
Nigga!
Hehe!
Happy new year!
We only exuding positive energy!
Slaughterhouse!
One more thing... check it!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh