Mic check, mic check
Mic check, mic check
Ye'... y'all know who it is. Ta-ha
Oh! Uh. Uh-uh-uh
It's... it's... it's that on top music!

Look, come an' cruise wit' me
I'm good in any hood, no matter who's wit' me
My mind on gettin' money, bumpin' new 50
Or my mind was off music, 'till Clue hit me
An' told me keep it on the booth strictly
So I step in, watchin' my surroundings and my settin'
Then I let the Percocet set in
Rough year, lost five of my homeboys
I ain't worried 'bout it, y'all alive, just home boy
I feel like I'm the last real nigga left, or...
Or maybe all the real niggas just left
We growin' extinct, we like Dinosaurs
There's only a few exceptions, so minus y'all
The greatest rapper alive, is wearin' suits and ties
So you got a buncha' whack niggas sayin' they him
Used to be if you strive for so somethin' you could achieve it
Now just say shit, these niggas'll believe it
I'm done screamin' out Jump Off rules
Lost my girl, broke all of my Jump Off rules
Kept fu'ckin' the side chick, so a nigga lied more
Picked 'er up in the womans car, that I ride for
Creepin', I would hide more
Got confused as to who I'm 'sposed to fight for
I can't even blame the jump, it was my fault
Cause I gave 'er the gun and she killed the only bi'tch I would die for
So the noise is calt' for
When you goin' through Ts type of Pain -
Dawg, ya voice gets altered
Know it's hard to stay calm
Goin' need State Farm
When you fu'ckin' with a con
No, not Akon. (Let's go!)
I'm high off life, a walkin' napalm
Fastballs comin' at 'em from a Dice-K arm!
Ridin' suspended L
No wonder I'm on fire, I already been through Hell
So... when the the World's against you well...
Naw, I never snitch, but I'll let the pencil tell
I suffer from wrong thinkin' (so?)
So I avoid straightjackets
And the bi'tch that dumped Sean Kingston. (Hmmm)
Better they respect'chu then to fear you
I learnt' that starin' at the World in my rear view
But come get me, cocksucker I dare you
Rather box a felon than a nigga that's fearful. (Understand some'...)
Want a clear view, wit'out a clear view
I put the wall up but thoughts just tear through
God, I hear you, givin' me a earful (but...)
But I'mma cruise in 5th gear until I'm near you. (Oh!)
Eye of a Tiger, naw, a Sniper wit' great aim
I won't be another great slain. (Nigga!)
Takes planes, embrace pain
Ask Eddie Griffin -
You gun lose gon' lose everytime goin' up against a freight train
Niggas bleed like us, we in the same World
Keep the Patron comin' try an' make the day hurl
It's a few niggas checkin' out my chain pearls
Go ahead, try' an lift somethin' that'chu can't curl!
Far from Wayne's World
If life's a bi'tch, it ain't just R. Kelly an' Ush' fu'ckin' the Same Girl (nope!)
OG swag, walk gotta' limp in it
It's my World, everybody's payin' rent in it
I left Jers. see I took flight on 'em
Dudes tried ta' take the crown, (dawg...) didn't look right on 'em (naw!)
How you gon' fu'ck wit' a crook, heist want 'em
Play Vanilla Ice, I get Suge Knight on 'em!
Meanest Porsches, gleamin' crosses
Came from Queens to restore this
Deemed it in orbit
When the red carpet rolled out, that mean it's bosses
Don't get it fu'cked up, we had fiends before this
My third-eye sharp, so keen it's gorgeous (oh)
I've seen it all, even Halloween in August (talk to 'em!)
Gun in my hand
The game used to make you sell ya soul -
Now it gotta' come wit' a dance
I'm on the clear view (whoa!)
Wit'out a clear view (oh!)
I put the wall up, but thoughts just tear through (oh!)
God I hear you, givin' me a earful
But I'mma cruise in 5th gear until I'm near you. (Oh!)