In all actuality
To work this hard for a passion is worth more than a salary
And it pay off hopefully to make my monthly look annually
So until this is a reality, I dream...

(Verse 1: Trev Rich)
I dream my way through life
Can't remember if I was awake or asleep
I killed my doubters with kindness
And force-feed them to taste the defeat
They're like this nigga been through something
How he rap like he ain't 23
Cause in my mind I'm 9, Millie's
Every rhyme you gon brace for this heat
My city big but it's so small at the same damn time
Where, failure and success is treated like the same damn crime
They gon hate you either way
Either way give them something to talk about
They must be talkin about us
Beause nigga we the only thing that's worth talkin about
And they said we next and I said we now
Sayin why and I'm sayin how
Thinkin up a way to make a million
Every time I lay it down
And my son and daughter they gotta eat
And that's even if my stomach hurt
My girl throwing up every morning
Low key, I think she gon pop the third
I was going through it with just two
Now I'm thinking it's three for me
But on every last one of them
I swear to God we gon get this cheese
Dreaming since a youngin writing poetry to pass the time
Never give me shit nigga
So think twice for you ask for mine
It's Gucci, Louis, Prada shit
We all about to be taking flight
I give a fuck if you high right now
I'm about to put you on a different height
I swear to Ma' they gonna get me mine
Lampshade nigga, just let me shine
Most go through life and cry
Nigga, I go through life and grind
My heart and soul on every beat
Cause that's what real niggas gonna do
Some shit might seem small to ya'll
But somebody out there going through it
Used to battle niggas at lunch
And try to sneak my food in class
I was writing raps and they was passin notes
And I still passed on they stupid ass
18 with no worries
My, my, how fast my story change
Just for me, been where I was from
Most motherfuckers could've swore we bang
That G5 shit was epic, but before all that I was such a loner
Every nigga try to fuck with us
Every bitch wanted to fuck on us
I'm just speaking realistic
And reality is so vicious
But no, I'm not bragging about
Making your favorite girl a statistic
Nigga what you know about splittin poles?
What you know about eviction notes?
What you know about multiplayer on that Golden Eye on that 64?
What you know about Walkmans? CD players? Stereos?
What you know about smart girls?
I never really been into centerfolds
What you know about riding hot?
Getting bunked and you had to go?
What you know about fingerprints?
And waiting on your bail to post?
What you know about struggling?
And sharing money just to get a meal?
What you know about hitting licks?
It go bad and the shit get real!
What you know about taking losses?
Bouncing back in the same week!
Shit you might know about all these
But nigga, what you know bout me?

(Bridge)
I must've fell asleep on top of the world, yeah
Having fantasies and having threesomes with success and my favorite girl
Yeah
But we've been going through it since...

(Verse 2: Trev Rich)
And I'll be drinking out this bottle like I never gave a fuck
She said she into whatever I'm pouring in her cup
Looking over the city feeling like this is for us
If we sleep don't let housekeeping wake us up, wake us up
Because we've been dreaming
For too long
I swear we been dreaming
For too long
They could never alarm us
They could never harm us
We ain't gotta worry about 'em we'll leave it to karma
But I swear we been dreaming
Too long....