[Intro]
Yeah
It's Joey
Slaughterhouse
Check me out now, look (it's that On Top music!)

[Verse]
Psychotic is what they call you, ignore you going by my logic
That allure’ll secure you looking through my optics
Lead and steel put a pill in front of me, I'd pop it
Tried to stop it but couldn't look at my eye sockets
My God it makes me skyrocket
Realest to ever do it, you can believe that shit if I jot it
And if you couldn't tell I'm on my own time
Prisoner of my own mind, problem is I don't mind
Niggas askin' what I deem as success
Life's a bitch, I'm just lookin' up her dress, I could give a fuck less
All of a sudden they see me on Joe Budden TV and I'm goin' national
But they judge me and that's a broken gavel
Shocking to me how quickly niggas will go and bash you
Never had withdrawals, pitfalls, what coke and hash do
Never stood in place while everyone was going past you
Keep your opinion to yourself nigga no one asked you
Get used to me, far from what I used to be
Provided, still throw you aside if you not of use to me
Self-destructive I love it anything that abuses me amuses me
I just hope the whole world excuses me
Hip-Hop got him under all types of scrutiny
I think that the shit's dead neck into noose to me
Wholeheartedly don't want no part of what's a part of me
Moving lethargically still I dare a nigga to spar with me
What I aspire to be never inspired me
Big fan of karma, catch twenty-two's, irony
Y'all don't understand the types of demons that's inside of me
Rebel with a cause if I do it it's done defiantly
Raged looking for the machine aiming a Ruger
Old soul I don't fuck with the young'ns I ain't a cougar
Say a prayer for the losers aware of intruders
Everybody around me like the hair on Medusa
And so its time to make a move, exit
Rubber-band covering the bruise, left wrist
Faith in the man I can't prove, exist
I really got nothing to lose but a death wish
I ain't worried about jewels and a necklace
Me I live life shrewd, reckless
Nigga I ignore the rules and the message
Walk away from the shit smooth with a peck kiss
Y'all ain't hearing me, no fear in me
Only nigga brave enough to conspire against a conspiracy
Y'all want to be sick, get a MRI and mirror me
But minus any streaks not a peak gon be clear as me

Joey!
Yeah!
Its, Its!
Almalgam Music!
Whats up!
They don't understand him though!
Y'all will get it, some things just take time!
Somethings take longer than others, that's what she said!
It's Joey, nigga!