[Hook]
[How many times have I hurt you?
How many times have you hurt me?
And how many times I've been on my knees
Begging begging please...
Forgive Me]

(Intro Joe Budden)
(Anybody who listens to Joe Budden
I never got off on image, actually
My image is not giving a fuck about image
My image is a regular, real live nigga
Who will always give it to you just the way it is
I'm never gonna fabricate, I'm never gonna lie
And I'm never gonna get outta character
Because the industry made me do so
Sooner or later you gotta take a step back
And really just look
At the situation, and analyze
Any really think about it
And you gotta say "Is the risk worth the reward?"
Let's go)

[Verse 1]
Yo I'm only human, ain't to be worshiped (Nah)
I'm only human, I ain't perfect (Nah)
I might say some things and reword it
You could blame it on my roots, deep Jerz shit
Bet some things were never instilled
I might make threats I won't never fulfill (Why?)
Hoping you're smart enough to use some will
And do as I say out of fear that I will
They say time will reveal, but I'm jammed up
But I'm staring at the clock and the hands stuck
Ever so tender, it seems the things y'all never forget I never remember
Listen, it's your fault you assumed I grew
But if I'm all about me, then wheres there room for you?
Rather not rewind but fast forward
Forgiveness, all I can do is ask for it
Forgive me

[Hook]
[How many times have I hurt You? (have I hurt you?)
And how many times I've been on my knees?
Begging begging please...]

(Joe Budden)
(Uhh! I'm only human like y'all and shit
I ain't a robot, I ain't superhero
I'm entitled to shit like y'all niggas
Here we go, check me out, Talk to 'em, look)

[Verse 2]
Might say some things that's outlandish
But when I do, I'm thinking without standards
I apologize, take it as a letter
In spite of my actions just know I was raised better (much better)
I'm aware my opinions hated
So why the fuck am I so opinionated?
My bad Method Man, out of respect
I'mma scrap them 5 pages I wrote toward Deck
Cuz that ain't have anything to do with you
Till I made it have everything to do with you
Shutting up is unusual
So I'm back to letting my pen state
What I do to dudes (I mean)
Outside of music, outside of rapping
Cuz none of that should interfere with life happening
And you can look me dead in the eyes
If you don't know shit just
Know I took your advice, holla at me(Going Going Going Gone)

[Hook]
[How many times have I hurt you? (have I hurt you?)
And how many times I've been on my knees
Begging begging please...]

(Joe Budden)
(At least I listen though I'm open minded enough to
A nigga tell me something I'mma take heed to it
Only if its good shit though I be my own filter
It's that On Top Music
Think more niggas should be like that
Follow my lead, I left a trail for niggas, follow it)

[Verse 3]
Yo, y'all ain't looking at the man that you would see
Ain't looking at the man that you should see
Ain't looking at the man that I could be
Treat me like I'm new to the game, still a rookie
Like a newborn straight out the pussy
Or is everybody straight out and just pussies (faggots)
In a state of confusion, what I intended is never the conclusion
(talk to em!)
I'm losing, normally the one they accusing
Maybe that explains my seclusion
But when you grown to see that the stakes high
You at least know to never make the same mistake twice (look!)
They say the real is gone, I represent this shit
What you see is what you get, no representative
From now on get a redefined me
If ya see another mishap don't mind me
Forgive Me

[Hook]
[Forgive Me
How many times (have I hurt you?)
Forgive Me
How many times have you?
Forgive Me
How many times I've been on my knees
Begging begging please...]

(Joe Budden)
I know I hurt a lot of niggas
Words are piercing
Sometimes them shits hurt like bullets
I wanna make amends
Not to everybody though
Some of y'all niggas I mean to offend
Fuck y'all!)