[Intro]
Fuck 'em all x3
Every other city we go
Fuck 'em all x3
Fuck these fuck niggas talking 'bout?
They go....

[Verse 1]
Fuck niggas mad at me for?
I ain't done shit to y'all
Just doing me like y'all should
Maybe that step got skipped to y'all
Maybe this lifestyle ain't fit for y'all
What this is for?
Work so hard so your kids could ball
When you go to the bank to make a big withdraw
It ain't shit to y'all
Now, minions' opinions are venomous
They know I'm infamous nigga I've been in the hood
Swimming in cinnamon women my living conditions
Of Benjamins spending are good
Sweet success I'm reminding them of
Always while they online in the club
While I'm inside with some white girls prolly getting drunk
Doing lines in the club, what we talking 'bout?
Made off like Madoff that shit they say be way off
No days off, you laid off, my car, my house both paid off
She already know what it is
Hop in my car, my house, I break her off
Her blouse, her draws, she take 'em off
My couch, get it hard then make it soft
Got hawks for all that talking when we walking
Just stay clear of that
See you when we see you we won't see you
You ain't where we at
You got aware, my back turned but I hear
Fully autos I bear it so if it ain't God I don't fear it

[Hook]
(Fuck they gon say now?)
Every other city we go
It’s all the same it ain’t nothing new (Fuck they gon say now)
These niggas run their mouth like these hoes
How it goes (What we talking 'bout?)
Fuck em all x3 (Fuck these fuck niggas talking 'bout?)
Fuck em all x3 (Fuck these fuck niggas talking 'bout?)

[Verse 2]
Now the streets steady watching
All these bitches is fiending
Guess they love my demeanor
They love the way I be leaning
I used to pop a few xannies
Blend it with promethazine
I started out by my lonely
And then I brought my whole team in
Now every show it’s sold out
Fans just waiting and screaming
We made it come to fruition
When we was broke and just dreaming
These hoes under-dressed to impress
In every section I be in
I understand why they hate me
I gave them plenty of reasons
What we talking 'bout?
Are we talking 'bout you?
Are we talking 'bout him?
Can't be talking 'bout me
'Less we talking 'bout them
They talking 'bout us like we neck and neck and I never knew
You check for check, she on check for you
She throw it back and I catch it too
Y'all gossiping juniors, keep my name and them rumors
We don't let them consume us, we go straight to consumers
So if you mad got aware, my back turned but I hear
Fully autos I bear so if it ain't God I don't fear it

[Hook]
(Fuck they gon say now?)
Every other city we go
It’s all the same it ain’t nothing new (Fuck they gon say now)
These niggas run their mouth like these hoes
How it goes (What we talking 'bout?)
Fuck em all x3 (Fuck these fuck niggas talking 'bout?)
Fuck em all x3 (Fuck these fuck niggas talking 'bout?)