[Intro]

(New Joe, new Joe, new, new, new, new Joe Budden.)

Hey!
Hey! Mic check 1, 2, 1, 2. Turn the beat up somethin Parks

[Verse 1]
Look...
I'm seeing a couple things wrong with the way that I'm living
So come and Walk With Me, I just need a second opinion

Let me take you there, the crib, gotta see if you notice
There's plenty room in this mansion, but ain't enough room for Joseph

Now every thought is corroded, choices I blow it like I'm more than explosive
More than heroic, begged the Lord for some focus

Broke every law that was voted, told them to walk with a poet
I was so poor when I wrote it, you can't ignore the heroics (?)

I'm talking Star Wars, Star Wars, I'm talking Star Wars
The demons that come with the clothes, jewellery and car doors

Most be in a fight with themselves. Don't know they are at war
If you gone go to war for the art - study the Art of War

Think it was Carter 4 when y'all disregarded it all
I assumed if you bought the bars you was willing to (more than fall?)

I mean as far as I recall I'd of saw the coroner
While I'm thanking all of my niggas like this was our war

It's all about money but wasn't suited for change
Did these hoes really love me or did they use me for fame?

They made me out like a villain, I been a beautiful Bane
Painkillers no longer working, guess I'm just used to the pain

But now look at the way that we up, faces hard to keep up
Models with fake D cups thirsty waiting to see us

Calm, waiting to re-up, was calm breaking the weed up
Around the time Camron's mom was dating D Rugz

Was grabbed by Lincoln, we was high and was leaning
Looking like lying and scheming and wave riding for streaming

I'm waving hi to my demons, by my side like I need 'em
Shit, I rely on em even if such illogical thinking. It's my most

Innocent, intimate thoughts.  More than insensitive
Might offend and appall but there's no venom, enthralled

Ill-tempered, they said you might just get a sense that I'm off
Never meant for my temperament to be so different from y'all

Too many minions with opinions that's false
Rated me Shady way before Eminem called, just wasn't mentioning Pause (Paul?)

Too many symptoms to sort, throw in the ??? withdrawl
My average sentiments begins with what resentments has caused

I'm talking Star Wars, Star Wars, I'm talking Star Wars
The shit that come with the clothes, jewellery and car doors

Remember when we started from breakdancing on cardboard?
Now we pray to our Lord they don't give us what's ours Lord???

Star Wars, Star Wars, it's only Star Wars
With bats to the label when niggas was playing hard ball

Lucky if you make it, trust me if you know what y'all doin
They feed us crumbs when really we deserve far more

I'm hardball, GS and check
Success to me is when you look back on your past and you don't see a regret

If I didn't tell you I dropped out it'd be the least disrespect
Moved to work in Montclear but it's St Peter's I rep

Since we the only profession contingent on your discretion
But when you censor it's members then it's no longer expression

Long ago I was longing to get it on with depression
Another form of oppression, deadly and (four minute seconds / form in a second?????)

I wonder why we as artists just look to seek this profession
Develop hard skin for jargon while taking heat for suggestions

I think our deepest confessions lie underneath this aggression
The shit they never schooled me on it always teach me the lesson

Niggas injectin all these weekly projections, eager for media press to leave a request and then repeatedly press him

Only to see his transgressions, and y'all believe this deception / perception ???
And would agree it's upsettin, all of this greed and obsession

I often wonder why it's celebrated. Beside the fact that
It meant it probably mean you went to Hell if you made it

Selfish frustrated, they ain't help you create it, or are they jealous and hated
Do you need help with self hatred, or for the wealth that you traded?

It's hard ball and hard balls give me three outs now
Let it ring/rain ???, to be Ralph then it gotta be Ralph now...

Whose to blame, well if it's me well then I had method to my madness
Started even before me and Method had that madness

People saying I patronise...
Such a creative lie, we all outta control but appear stabilised

The way they self-medicate, shit. Hopin they survive
Watch how they killing themselves only to stay alive

Give me flashbacks, I was mobbin just gettin by
Now watch it solidify, throwing dollars up in the sky

You get bothersome, if problems get poppin we let em fly
My tolerance just ain't high if the tolerance ain't a high

My nigga hear tho, this is the part, like they don't hear Joe
Weirdoes in weird clothes, all of these weird flows

Weird though, where shares go, I came in bare though
Therefore shit like a jungle, might need a beard so

"Come and take a walk with me"