[Intro: Joe Budden]
How's everybody feeling out there? We good?
Let's talk to the sample right quick, tah!
I always pictured we'd be
It go like this, listen

[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
Let me tell you how I pictured this
A few houses, a couple businesses
Striving for greatness, we would be each other's witnesses
And during beef, we both would put aside our differences
Where I ain't flinch a bit making you insignificant
Maybe kids and shit, perfect arithmetic
Meaning we could build our own world and co-exist in it
She a synergy, sharing energy
Let our souls mate in the air if you remember me
Now here's what I did with it
Went out my way to fuck these stripper chicks
Lost good girls making them mistresses
Just savages, missed marriages
They all was my babies, I needed those miscarriages
My worthless self when Joe felt hurt
I went out and targeted women who had no self worth
I relate to praying nightly feeling no spell work
When you can do it, but a stranger gotta go help first
I called moms on the phone, here's what I told her real quick
I said my 20s flew by with no control of the shit
Her next sentence swear that I’ll forever hold with a grip
She said it go by even faster as the older you get
I wanna never dumb down, I'd have to lower my wit
Ain't gotta post this on the Gram for you to know what it is
A partner to trust, I'm thinking even bigger for us
Mom should've told me this when we had shit to discuss
Now neither one of us is how we figured we’d be
Sometimes the thought of what if still lives here with me
I always pictured we'd be

[Interlude: Joe Budden]
Nah'mean? That's how I see it in my head though
Ain't quite pan out like that... word up
Let me tell you about some more of God's work though

[Chorus: Stacy Barthe]
I wanna know what this life's supposed to be like
I wanna know, wanna know, ah
I wanna know what this love's supposed to be like
I wanna know, wanna know

[Interlude: Joe Budden]
Nah, I like it just like that, Parks, let it run
Lemme go right here, right here, right here

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
Look, Look
A love that's tideful, never prideful
If you're truly better without me how can I spite you?
As I yearn for the greatest love I ever had
Pardon me, kid, I'm still learning how to be a dad
We be in spots you shouldn't be in 'till you grown
I was absent so long I'm just not leaving you home
So nah, too much to learn, too much world out there
Let me teach you about these hoes, too many girls out there
I respect your mom's tutelage
But that's my weird and my brain, what's she gon' do with this?
Watch and learn, foolish kid
Eyes light up with surprise, you're just like I am
I think that you're enjoying this ride just like I am
Look, same pedigree, theoretically
Cut from a cloth that was gone, that's just genetically
One job in life to make you a much better me
Greater feeling than I imagine this shit would ever be
You be feeling strong when you diss me in songs
I did the same my whole career, would never tell you it's wrong
Whatever works out, whatever the price, get that embedded
Even if at my expense, I'll pay it, you take the credit
Had a power struggle when I thought your mom abused it
My hands were in bondage, useless
Beyond the excuses, calm through it
It’s crazy, our bond music
And we do it beautifully for our beautiful conduit
So right now I stand in a place I never stood before
Finally filled the void in my life, I wasn't good before
Fucking with these hoes, that energy I was putting forth
God, this is more like the fucking love I was looking for
Now it's better than we pictured it'd be
And the supervised visits, we'll never have to relive it
Little nigga we'll be, ha, tah!

[Interlude: Joe Budden]
This is greater than us, greater than me
Greater than anything I could ever imagine, man
I ain't talking to everybody? Trey, what up though? Tah!
What up? What up?

[Chorus: Stacy Barthe]
I wanna know what this life's supposed to be like
I wanna know, wanna know, ah
I wanna know what this love's supposed to be like
I wanna know, wanna know
I wanna know what this life's supposed to be like
I wanna know, wanna know, ah
I wanna know what this love's supposed to be like
I wanna know, wanna know