[Hook: Emanny]
Can anybody out there hear me?
I feel like my voice is lost
Cause I know the whole World can't see me
Close to just fallin' off
But with everything I am, I still find a way to stand an' keep movin'
While I'm here so strong and still... like I'm invisible

[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
When I'm alone in my room, sometimes I stare at the wall
With the phone off, now I'll withdrawal
Gotta' paranoia problem so I'm known ta' keep a trigger roun' y'all
BIG told me they'd be prayin' for a nigga downfall
I'm vacationin' on a beach wit' no sand (and...)
Try'nna check the time on a clock wit' no hands (what else?)
Feel like I'm gettin' close, but I'm nowhere near it
I touch it but don't feel, listen but don't hear it
Starin' out a project window under mad stresses
Me and my mental got two different addresses
One's national, Trump International, rational -
One is still stuck on the avenue
If you don't understand, fine
My body's playin' Heinz wit' the mind
Try'nna escape a landmine
Revamped, designs I search but can't find
Recant times when the future was a tan line
Damn, shit was much brighter then
Now it's just vitamins mixed in with Vicodin
If they gonna set'chu up to lose, why try ta' win?
Cause a scar don't stop nuttin' on a Vikin's skin
So niggas can come after me -
Even Intelligent Hoodlums (they) become tragedies
I move in silence - the Jadakiss of Jers. (why?)
So when it comes to Benjamins I don't say a word, ya heard?

[Hook: Emanny]
Can anybody out there hear me?
I feel like my voice is lost
Cause I know the whole World can't see me
Close to just fallin' off
But with everything I am, I still find a way to stand an' keep movin'
While I'm here so strong it's still... like I'm invisible

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
See, I can can crawl into Cufflinks
Step-out, tear down a party in the club scene
But I think it's obscene
The lifestyles of the rich and shameless
I'd pick anonymity over being famous
From the start, even if they don't see it, I play a part
Rather than sell a record, rather do it from the heart
I'd rather put me before y'all
I know niggas might call it "selfcentered" -
I call that bein' smart
So I stand behind mics
Not even worried 'bout the lime light
That'll manifest when the time's right
If I was Kanye, I wouldn't have these problems (but then...)
But then I'd have Kanye's problems
Blessed wit' ay'thing they ever fronted on a planet
But lose the only thing I ever wanted on the planet
Back on the canvas, just lost my bandwidth
Granted, I'mma always counter, grant it
I been where you try'nna go, the God said it
So iggin' me's not strongminded, it's hardheaded
Thought I was on the right route, tacklin' the game
'Till they handcuffed my mouth, put the shackles on my brain
Popular stranger, gone, but still here
Handicap my career, I'll put it in a wheelchair
Let's keep the deal fair, nuttin' but real here (so!)
Amazed after all these years, I still care. It's weird...

[Hook: Emanny]
Can anybody out there hear me?
I feel like my voice is lost
Cause I know the whole World can't see me
Close to just fallin' off
But with everything I am, I still find a way to stand an' keep movin'
While I'm here so strong it's still... like I'm invisible