[Hook: sample of "Burning Bright" by Shinedown]
I feel like there is no need for, conversation
I wonder if the things I did were just, to be different
I would rather reveal myself than my, situation
I wonder if the things I did were just, to be different

[Joe Budden]
See I don't trust no one (talk to 'em)
So stubborn I could dream a thousand paths, wake up and walk a old one
(Why?) And I follow wherever it take me
Instead of wherever the crew go like Tray Lee
They see distinguished
I see a nigga erasing that fine line between crazy and genius
Got the jewels out, see I'm on my Colorado shit (but)
I'd rather put the suit on and not follow it (look)
Everything is perception (I mean) everything is deception (but)
But niggas fuck with him cause I be the exception (look)
I got a warm reception way before any song hit
I think too outside of the box to be cornered
I'm too real to be fickle
Grounded but too fly to meet a nigga in the middle, too big to be belittled
Wise way beyond my years, here's the motto of a man-child (what?)
Why try to fit in when you a standout?

[Hook]

[Joe Budden]
Uhh, you in that mood yet? Why not?

[Verse 2]
Look, they said I had to make music that would have the kids fiending, screaming
Make nothing with a meaning, (but) I ain't know the meaning (ohh!)
They told him go Hollywood
For a split second thought I probably could (but)
But parlayed on, would I be understood?
They told me even if you not, able to cop cable
Anytime you hit the club you better have a table
Told me they would take me at my worst
Told me image is everything, so I told 'em I'd obey my thirst (whoa!)
Told me do what you gotta once you on
Hit the scene, make it rain, I told 'em I'm already in the storm
Everything's in a uproar (whoa)
They told me front, I said "What for?" (I mean whoa)
Said it again, I said "Fuck y'all!"
I won't succumb to all the stereotypes
Won't sacrifice me for what the stereo hypes
They told me get in where you fit in, this is what's in demand now
So I told em why try to fit in when you a standout?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I understand something's off about me (but) but nothing's forced bout me
I never gave a fuck of what a nigga thought about me
I look down upon what some see as a must
Maybe I'm regular and the world needs to adjust
I mean I'm everyday people hood but still formal
I'm normally abnormal, taking life as a lesson
I'll leave the past in the past, tomorrow's not promised
And today's just a gift, I guess that's why it's the present
Did I outgrow me, or shit just didn't stick?
The baggier my jeans, the more shit didn't fit
(But I) Didn't quit, inspired by hate, even with homeless
When you a star you already down with the Joneses
My thoughts out loud (I mean)
Sometimes if the leader walk slow enough, he fuck around get lost in the crowd (but)
But he ain't gotta speed up, everything will pan out
(Why?) 'Cause they'll spot you from far when you a standout

[Hook x2]