Still got Jerz on his Back!!
Matter fact Jerz is Back!

[Verse]
It's regular Joe Partner, Rap is so Popular
Swear we gotta be the highest rated soap opera
Now a days it ain't about whoever flow hotter
Its about gimmick, image and whoever gross dollars
While I try to be me. Just a Man with issues
They even complained then. Some fans is so fickle
Cause ya'll fall for it. Ya'll niggas believe em
Gotta learn how to read em. Gotta learn how to weed 'em
If somebody promoting gangsta, Dudes reaching
Cause Gangsta and Promoters are like two different regions
I'm so tired of beefing
Shit'll only end in another man leaking and another man Bleeding
Especially the rap beef. I Hate Rap Beef
Half these cats ain't real. They Only Rap Beef
Half these cats should chill. That's if you ask me
Cause if you catch em with the Mill Then its a track meet
Plus I feel like every beef is the same
Now Im caught in it Beefing with Game
And his image is the 'West coast Savior' Must of been the only weapon in Hand
I know Pac is in Heaven like "damn"
But that's a small problem. Real little in fact
Fab Chill. Wouldn't put you in the middle of that
I don't need a nigga help. Nah niggas is trash
Five on one. But it ain't like one of them niggas can rap
And I got other shit to deal with like my little bro becoming a man
Gotta watch what he's becoming. He's fam
Don't know if he at the age where there's a gun in his hand
Cause he'll be done in a can. See, He's young. Understand
Little niggas too smart to end up in a building
But every nigga that I know That's in Jail is Brilliant
And they all got a story. Normally full of glory
A few Misteps. and a couple of regrets
They all tight in the mental with credentials. After all the shit they been through
Matter Fact. They all got potential
Matter Fact. We all got potential. Some of us don't use it
So having it is useless
He don't wanna be a 'Shoulda'' Coulda''Woulda'
But he didn't. Now he sent in. Bunkie asking how he get in
Now he Just it. Now he pissed in
He got loved ones but now we gotta visit 'em
Yeah, He's talented. But now its all hindering
Shit you would of gave to 'em. Now you gotta send it in
Whatever you doing young'n. Dog, It ain't fine
Without a Breathalizer, nigga, Walk a straight line
I gotta teach dude That Friends ain't Friends
And Love ain't love. No Matter how Heart shaped it is
You don't need friends The cars and Cake'll get
You need 'em when times are hard. They adjascent with
That ain't where you wanna be. And shouldn't Have Ta'
Wasn't in the before Flick. Shouldn't be in the After
Only trying to fuck you like incest
While you search like Credit Cards. For Who got ya Best interest?
And I don't wanna talk ya ear off about a whole bunch of shit I'm still learning myself
Play ya friends from far. And keep your enemies close
Cause I done been through enough for us both

(Slight Whisper)
Play ya friends from far. And keep your enemies close
Cause I done been through enough for us both

(Slight Whisper)
Play ya friends from far. And keep your enemies close
Cause I done been through enough for us both