[Chorus:]
Niggas on my left niggas on my right
Does anybody wanna hear some real shit tonight?
As real as it get holster on my hip
Is anybody tied of that bubble gum shit?

[Verse:]
They say hip hop is dead on life support
Maybe not there could be something I just thought
I just ought to jump fighting the sport
How you expecting to be heard when your mic is off
I would love to go and browse through the ride report
But ain't a car in that motherfucker I could afford
See niggas trying to block the road
Later then my label dropped the growth they should drop us both
See I could scream def jam and what they use to be
But that ain't for me to say that's for you too see
If I'm not method man... redman... ghostface... young gunz
Need I say freeway the proof is me
Still don't beleave me then where's peedi peedi?
They ain't really give a fuck unless you jezzy
That's what my mind say just know if you ain't the president or kanye
You won't see the time of day

[Chorus:]
Niggas on my left niggas on my right
Does anybody wanna hear some real shit tonight?
As real as it get holster on my hip
Is anybody tied of that bubble gum shit?

[verse:]
I'm so thankfull that
Come around thease parts we don't crank or snap we aim and clap
Use to try to take the average rap fan show em shit
But if they closed minded who am I to open it?
Rather spend time with a bougie broad
I mean an actress bad bitch movie star
Shallow bitches only into jewelry cars
Still fucks with us though that ain't who we are
Soon as my wife gone they jump on the python
They ain't know I'm out to hit and run like saigon
Puttin back the ice on had it screwed up
Finally figured out that hate is the new love
But I don't see how you get ahead that way
When you team up with envy like red cafe
And all that blame is yours
You trying to get a chain light flaws
I'm trying to get a chain like stars
Find me in jerz line for squeeze work off safety
Can't keep calm around thease jerks
They beyond thease words
Treat the hood like myspace need to become friends with the tommy first
Don't get found on the back of an empty carton
Spray semi larkins for the brag like remi martin
Don't mind me... last of a dying breed
Wanna take rap and bring it back to the 90's
Q.c inspired me creame made me angry and every dog amped me shook ones hate me
I already know it's a tough state to follow
But niggas use to stay up late to watch appollo
Now it's ridiculous all this shits frivalous
Niggas ain't macho man they miss elizabeth
Break a corona bottle make me an I'll shank
Cut a bitch up like bill blanks doin still rank

[Chorus:]
Niggas on my left niggas on my right
Does anybody wanna hear some real shit tonight?
As real as it get holster on my hip
Is anybody tied of that bubble gum shit?

[verse:]
The media will say anything to get at you
Niggas is transparent I'm looking right past you
Hemi he is a bad dude talking bout' he act rude
Saw my new tattoo it's god with a gavel
Told baby girl if you wanna seduce me
Just know my brain works like I'm bonaducci
My girlfriend say I use my charm to loosly
I tell her I'm too fly to have too con for coochi
Hella paper tell a hater crib got an elevator
On the water front so yeah I outgha front
Still times I feel like carring chrome or cheating the system like I'm merriam jones
Trying to sing for the moment can't find the note
Put the game in a choke hold can't find his throat
Hang with the big dogs can't find the rope
They tell me it's alive but I can't find the post

[Chorus:]
Niggas on my left niggas on my right
Does anybody wanna hear some real shit tonight?
As real as it get holster on my hip
Is anybody tied of that bubble gum shit?