[Kobe]
Through the hurt, through the pain
Through the storm, through the rain
When the struggle and the hurt goes through the roof
Through the storm, through the light, (This is called The Growth)
When the storm went through my eyes
I been through it all and stuck in through and through
(We gonna do it like whoa whoa whoa whoa)

[Joe Budden Verse 1]
Look I want y'all to understand I never did nothing to hurt nobody
I might of shot at a couple a niggas never murked nobody
Kind hearted, everybody ain't as good see
I'm one of them niggas who try to help out everybody in the hood(Chea!)
Always stayed to myself, I ain't start wit niggas
A class clown dude, I ain't never bothered niggas
I did minor B&E's, I did minor hustlin
Minor stickups, as a minor, it was minor, it was nothin (nah)
Wasn't caked up, every week buying new sneakers
Nah never been shot, dont inspire to either (not really)
Never had a ill car with the real thin tires
That all the popular girls that's real thin would admire (Noo)
Yea I always stayed real, some probably a stunt
I guess I never had somethin somebody'll want
Nah I never fronted hard as shit
And never had a nigga ride right on the side of my car and click!
Don't know dude, never seen him from the past or nothing (Let's Go!)
Wasn't tryna rob me, cuz he ain't ask for nothing
Had other people in the car that I was friends wit see
And he pointed at them first so was it meant for me, but stilll (What?)
God's got a major plan, and I don't need no other sign, God made it jam
So fam I ain't got beef with 50 nah I got beef wit Josh,(Yea!)
And I won't sleep till that beef is squashed (Fucker!)
Gotta get em, yea yea, I was thinkin that too
But here's my Timbs nigga, tell me what you think I should do
(What would you do if you me?)
Gun on me, all day I don't blink and I'm drew
Hand on it through the pocket, I dont think that that's cute, I Dont!
I never did that nah remember earlier I said I never lived that
But, gotta live that, I know where you live at
Sit back relax, gotta get at partner, this is get back Joshua!

[Hook Kobe]
Through the hurt, through the pain
Through the storm, through the rain
When the struggle and the hurt goes through the roof
Through the storm, through the light
When the storm went through my eyes
I been through it all and stuck in through and through

[Joe Budden Verse 2]
How could a real nigga really wanna off with my wig
I give it back, I visit high schools, I talk to the kids, (Yooooo)
I do cleanup day in the hood
You gotta pay, so everyday, now is cleanup day in the hood, (Yea)
How could a nigga wan't my son growing up without a father
Maybe that you can answer me Joshua?
Josh is still some in the mag and I like sayin your name
It feels good knowing who was up under that mask(Fucker!)
So they say I ain't got sense, I'm giving nod to my henchmen
Like how im tryin to have revenge on divine intervention
Doing the hood a favor, make em lay face down
I'm gettin the jokers out the game y'all we playin Ace down!
I'm not sayin this thoughts is right
But all my life, I've been tought to fight
No recreation, I just bought a kite
Slippin, as if it was all good I was lamping
I was trippin, must of mistaken the hood for the hamptons(Chea!)
Knowing the leaches is out
Whodini said it, at night the freaks is out
And they ain't leavin without
It's like a nigga need brakes
You left the keys in the Porsche
You in the hood like steak, like you ain't feed for the dogs
Like the wolves ain't hungry, won't get in yours
Hangout with pitbulls when you shit indoors
Then they can't wait to get in your bank
You can't be the only one above water when there's fish in the tank
I understand why niggas leave ain't they don't come back
It's either that or they family will grieve and they won't come back
Eulogy said and the caskets drop
You blew that young dude
I mean you literally had your shot(nigga!)
Niggas envy what they see
Out of sight, out of mind
So I'mma go on get ghost for a minute
You got a problem in your hood I can help you around it
Cause I've done been through it all I'm here to tell you about it
Na Mean!

[Hook Kobe]
Through the hurt through the pain
Through the storm, through the rain
When the struggle and the hurt goes through the roof
Through the storm, through the light
When the storm went through my eyes
I been through it all and stuck in through and through

This is called The Growth
Through the roof ......Through the roof