[Bridge: Joe Budden]
What's going on in this motherfucker?
See a lot of funny looks, made me think that something's wrong in this motherfucker
If I let the milli rock, it'll be a different song in this motherfucker
Two bitches in the club, can't we all get along in this motherfucker?
Rodney King and I'm gone in this motherfucker
Grown than a motherfucker

[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
Yeah, up top, what's popping with it?
Whatever we doing we doing it with a lot of bitches
Nigga, I mean a whole lot of bitches
Outside of my normal, some even hotter bitches
Yeah, shorty say all that's her own body
Chances are she already in the phone probably
Ass fat enough to buy that bitch her own property
That's my definition of a home body
Got a Rollie in her wrist and her tone cocky
Nonetheless I only check her 'cause her dome sloppy
Gave her all that she could handle though
She put her mouth around the Wiz, something Amber Rose
Get her naked and she look like Amber Rose
I was taping the whole thing 'til the camera froze
To this day her and I remain amicable
She even let me bust first, she so mannerable, HEY!

[Chorus: Emanny]
If you really dig me how about you leave here with me?
Come on, shorty, let me know
Come on, shorty, let me know
We can do whatever, promise, ain't no pressure
Hurry, girl, I got to go
Hurry, girl, I got to go

[Interlude: Joe Budden]
WJBOC 101.9, and I'm your host DJ Verified rocking out with you. Doing it for the grown and sexy out there. 35 and up, 35 and up only. Call us up, we're doing a live remote from Club Deco
Call us up, 1-800-We Too Old For The Fuck Shit
We wanna talk to you, come on

[Bridge: Joe Budden]
What's going on in this motherfucker?
See a lot of funny looks, made me think that something's wrong in this motherfucker
If I let the milli rock, it'll be a different song in this motherfucker
Two bitches in the club, can't we all get along in this motherfucker?
Rodney King and I'm gone in this motherfucker
Grown than a motherfucker

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
Been thinking about you for quite some time
And you ain't seen crazy quite like mine
Nah, I've been occupied, sike, I'm lying
You know how the saying go, out of sight, out of mind
Just kidding, could tell I like you
She just moved to Queens [?]
Hella prideful, everything I buy two
Everything his/hers, Jemele and Michael
Should've been left, but I'm still in here
Last place she'd expect to see a millionaire go (go..)
On and on and on and
Please, baby, no Tweets, put away your phone and
Ride and moaning to five in the morning
Had to Uber on the way right at you yawning
Coma zone, Joe cologne, Jo Malone
Or the Creed bottle, same color as provolone
If it's on Don Corleone go with the throne
Still I'm the best kept secret though I'm ultra known
In the focus homes
And that much real estate like the focus homes
When the clothes is gone
How he gon' bag that? Whole approach is wrong
And she ain't the type of lady to sit in coach for long
With me as high king she take her liking
To trim and piping when the kitchen viking
Quite surprising the pulse of my dreams
If Father Stretch appears like Ultralight Beams
Surmised by the size of her thighs, it might seem
Dreamy eyes get wide with the life of my stream, hey
Getting all up in her guts with it
Gotta bust multiple nuts with it
That's how it sound when we together
She my queen with her crown and she down for whatever, come on

[Chorus: Emanny]
If you really dig me how about you leave here with me?
Come on, shorty, let me know
Come on, shorty, let me know
We can do whatever, promise, ain't no pressure
Hurry, girl, I got to go
Hurry, girl, I got to go