[Intro: [?] & Joe Budden]
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay
It's that knock, right here
Word up
Just got a couple questions for 'em
Okay
It go

[Verse 1: Joe Budden]
Uh, here's something I'd like to know (Uh)
Would you trade it all? Would you put a price on your soul? (Answer that)
You more about the outcome or the income?
Would you give up your dreams to feel like you're living in one?
Faced with decisions, would you ignore intuition?
Trade in whatever drives you for keys to an ignition?
Or would you go on like your life fine?
It's funny how a moment'll change your lifetime
Yeah, would I be held as a villain
If I never helped with feelings? Change to sell a million?
Yeah, wonder what these fans'll say to me
Still'll garner some bravery, money never dictated me
'Cause my morals for cash just ain't a trade to me
Respect is important, niggas know not to play with me
It's not a void to fill, it's no vacancy
Take it all, there's no taking me, Joey

[Chorus: Emanny & Joe Budden]
I’m amazed
They always said I wouldn’t be here
So much in my way (Uh)
I’ve seen it all through these years (Uh)
It’s been give and take (Been give and take)
They thought I’d break (But)
But to trade it all (Uh)
Is no trade at all, at all

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
The ultimate contradiction
What started as a hobby now an honest way of living
Which took me to a genius from a pompous with a vision
Could do a dramatisation on the drama I've been given
Everybody says that, mine was kind of different
So every composition just to calm my inner prison
Armed and on a mission, strapped and only armed with my confliction
Never phased me, my only armor is this thick skin
Daddy talent (What else?), mama wisdom (What else?)
Master of deceit, I cheated through the honor system
Quit my temporary job, earned more
Left school, learned more, rehab then burned more
Tales of B&E's, toast and extortion
How my son was almost an abortion, I've been close to a coffin
Wouldn't do over this rollercoaster
Know it played out like it was supposed ta ([?] Joe)

[Chorus: Emanny & Joe Budden]
I’m amazed
They always said I wouldn’t be here
So much in my way
I’ve seen it all through these years
It’s been give and take (Not at all)
They thought I’d break (Talk to 'em)
But to trade it all (Let me talk to 'em like this)
Is no trade at all, at all (It go)

[Verse 3: Joe Budden]
Look, was froze over the phone
Waiting for you to change your tone while I was smokin'
But that never happened like I was hopin' (Nah)
Waiting for you to laugh, at least tell me you was jokin'
But you just kept on with the conversation
I'm tryna be calm and patient while pacin' around the room
Thoughts in my head are varied, that's you, grandpa and Mike
It's very scary, is cancer hereditary, Dad?
We had our little issues after "Momma Said"
Glad that's behind us so we can cherish the time that's there
I got faith, I know the Lord'll have a say
But you got a daughter on the way, what more do I gotta say?
You got twins to raise, they just beginning to age
Tell God with a hint of rage it was meant for you to stay
If I gotta explain what should be understood
Yo, I'd trade me for you if I could, we all good

[Chorus: Emanny & Joe Budden]
I’m amazed
They always said I wouldn’t be here
So much in my way (Word up)
I’ve seen it all through these years (I seen it all)
It’s been give and take ([?] uh)
They thought I’d break ([?])
But to trade it all
Is no trade at all, at all (It go)

[Outro: Joe Budden & Emanny]
One more [?]
Never fall and never break
To trade it all
Trade it all, at all
Not at all