[Intro: Joe Budden]
("I had a dream") That's funny I had a dream myself
("Of a wide-open prairie") How's e'rybody feelin out there?
Aight? ("I had a dream")
E'rybody doing good, e'rybody good? ("Of the pale morning sky")
Me myself, I'm doin great, couldn't be better
("And we were the same, just the same")
I mean I got problems like everybody else but I mean
They great problems though ("You and I")
Taha! I'm just talking shit

[Hook: Bryan Adams - Brothers Under The Sun Sample]
I had a dream - of the wide open prairie
I had a dream - of the pale morning sky
And we were the same - just the same - you an' I
We are like birds of a feather
We are two hearts joined together
We will be forever as one
My brother under the sun

[Verse 1: Joe Budden]

Mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check
Mic check, 1, 2, 1, 2

Old head said reality is fake and fake's the new real
Nothing prescribed to me, but taking a few pills
Ain't trying to be the dude that's raising the blue steal
Vic's help me escape, they give me a new feel
Unedited, ay'day is a newsreel, some cake and a few bills
Honestly, all it'll take is a few mill (for what?)
For me not to have to portray no true skill (but!)
But lemme just watch what I say, the truth kills
(So) Be careful what you wish for
If I'm totally ignored, I might withdraw
I used to be pissed off, piss poor
Money Chris Paul, (it was) like this short
It was kinda hard to get the whole puzzle working with half a jigsaw
I got mine, let me help you get yours without getting ripped off
I left a trail nigga, follow it
And when it's gone, make a new one, don't remodel shit
Oh!

[Hook: Bryan Adams - Brothers Under The Sun Sample]
We are like birds of a feather
We are two hearts joined together
We will be forever as one
My brother under the sun

[Verse 2: Joe Budden]
Make your own motherfucking footsteps nigga, don't follow mine!
Huh!? I got great problems though, my problems are good!

L-Look, look, look

New suit, dude nervous (what else?)
Old case, new judge, new verdict (what else?)
A new outcome like somebody reversed it
(I mean I'm) I feel like I'm a new man, a new purpose
(Oh!) It's like a nigga ain't feeling so worthless
Kneel down and worship, all them years was worth it
So when he opened his mouth, I was stunned
He said, You can't deny man his son. Be clear
So if he wanna be there, you let him be there
Be fair, I mean, I can see he wants to be near
I can see that he cares
I'll lock your ass up you don't oblige, beware. (I mean it)
She stared, she scared
My lil dude always get the world from me
And you want him to have the world, just not from me
Back like I never left, was never forced away
Got nothing more to say. Oh!

[Hook: Bryan Adams - Brothers Under The Sun Sample]
We are like birds of a feather
We are two hearts joined together
We will be forever as one
My brother under the sun

[Verse 3: Joe Budden]
When I see you I'm disgusted (nigga!)
Can't believe I was ever in love wit (nigga!)
Must've been dusted, cause you look like shit
All these years, they ain't done you no justice. (Look at'chu!)
I mean you all fucked up, can't get cash
Still bitter over a past you can't get passed. (Huh?!)
Just sad, get mad cause my bitch bad
Ay'day she switch heels, switch bags. (Whoa!)
It's like we living on a dock nigga, big pad
You can't afford a deposit on my closet. (Not even)
Since you, all I ever known was fly shit
Unfortunately, you ain't fitting that logic
Cause you're much less
Sometimes you gotta stand by your failures to recognize your success
Still, I'll be the bigger man and wish her all the best
While knowing she'll never get it
So why would she ever quit it, it's ridiculous

[Hook: Bryan Adams - Brothers Under The Sun Sample]
We are like birds of a feather
We are two hearts joined together
We will be forever as one
My brother under the sun