[Skit: [?] & Joe Budden]
"The funny thing is that you really—you actually really beat, so..."
"I ain't fuck that, bitch. You crazy? Are you loco, nigga? If she put a long tan hat on she'd look like a cigarette."

[Intro]
Ta-ha
Jersey
Uh
[?] I'm on it
What us Jers? Clue, what up?
E, what up?
[?] real quick, check me out now, look

[Verse]
Shout to all my fans, glad I can inspire y'all
Got a couple haters, still tryna acquire more
Ain't gotta be abrupt
I tell em' like I tell my girl, you doing a great job, now keep it up
And I promise I'll take you higher then you ever seen
40 milligram flow, chased by Promethazine
Lack of competitors, yappin' 'bout etcetera
Can't tell if I'm listening to rappers or treasurers
And as a poet I feel like I owe it not to go astray
So everything inside me Ginuwine, no Solé
You gotta blame it on my upbringing
It goes back to when Tyrese was on the bus singing
Yeah, I guess that's why shorty's attracted to me
Self-made style, the label ain't attach it to me
Aside from when she comes through I get her ribs in order
And the neighbors would know my name if the crib was smaller
But no groupies, them walls are windows
The basement is the movies, pool by the jacuzzi
The hallways echo, the closet is a bedroom
The sauna fits five comfortably, plenty leg room
Like the La Montagne Carwash in the garage
She from the projects so she thinks it's a mirage
Told her I got my own concierge (But)
She was more impressed that she could do her laundry here
But all I'm tryna do is bust her, Flipmode
Problem is I think she seen too many flicks though
She said she'd only be impressed by a diamond ring (Or)
Or if I had a hot tub that's a time machine
These bloggers'll have you thinkin' that I'm abnormal
So when you read it can't say that I ain't try to warn you
I respond so mature, so unlike Joe
What they write though is all wrong, just a typo
I just learned to be alone without an Iso
All a nigga gotta do is take the high road
Two words for my enemies: die slow
Full-time pyro', could do this with my eyes closed
They say you doin' something wrong if all the critics love you
For some it's a career, for some it's just a hustle
Me, all I do is win, that begins
With not rockin' my Lebrons 'less the nigga got a triple-double (Talk to 'em)
Before youse rap dudes put me in ya verse
Assess your situation, picture it being worse
You askin' to get fucked, how could you not assume
It's like inviting Ricky Martin in a locker room
Hip-Hop just a journey
Most number one seeds got clipped just like the tourney
If it don't involve myself, then it really don't concern me
Chea