[Joe Budden]
Nah mean, fuck niggas (Joey!)
King of New Jersey (It's, it's)
It's what? (It's that On Top...)
Still talkin that shit...(We got this locked, it's in the pocket)
Niggas be cheatin and shit with their little bullshit 16's (We got this
Locked, it's in the pocket....Jerze!)
...I'm cheatin' too, fuck it (Hold up...)

Aiyo forreal chief, go ahead, get up out my grill piece
'fore you hear the gat hollerin' when I shoot the steel piece
Battle emcee? That's a small thang (Why?)
I'm like a christmas tree
I just stand there...and let my balls hang (Nigga!)
A few hatin' niggas want me in a cell y'all (Oh!)
Far as these rap niggas go, I never felt y'all
Here's what I'mma tell y'all (Tell 'em what nigga?)
I'm Randy Johnson, I ain't from New York, but I'mma help y'all
Help with the game, lock this in a noose (Nahhh!)
That nigga's a faggot, I don't rock with dude
Here's what the Glock'll do (It'll...)
It'll have your 5 senses all chopped -n- screwed
Soon as it cock and shoot (With!)
Ice, Chanel, Girbauds, pipin' out their cars (Oh!)
Captain Planet niggas, recyclin' their bars (But!)
Niggas got ice in the hood don't wear it
With the snub on some Ying Yang shit, you won't hear it (Nigga!)

[Stack Bundles]
Yo...listen I got an explanation for my mouth...
I ain't been shot yet (Nahhh)
Swolderin' fever, and y'all ain't get hot yet
Brand new Geneva that I ain't get rocked yet (Uh huh)
I'm still on the corner, I ain't sail on a yacht yet (Forreal)
So my hunger is different from what you expect
I'm morally extortin' niggas, I'mma take my respect
See they love to see you twisted (So?)
So the plan is, drop Laurel record, take niggas bitches (Right)
It's a man's world, these niggas is bitches (Right)
I'm robbin' rap's piggy bank, hand over the riches (Schieeeet!)
They say stars are born and not made
Chain of command, stripes are earned, they're not gave
Number one loyal to the 48th laid
Outshine the master and I'mma hang 'em like a slave (Schieeeet!)
The brave deserve awards
Say my name, you supposed to get shot
You worked hard for yours....EHHHHH!