[Chorus x4]
I drop lyrics off and on like a light switch

[Verse 1: Jamal]
See I done chalked up another one when I drop a ton
Take yo' favorite MC and bring the light like the sun
Get done! Bow down I be the one known to rock rhymes
With lines beyond yours to make it prime time
I'm the master, of the ceremony Mally G
It'll be a long day before you see another me
I be, higher than clouds, with the system pumping loud
Tripping loving life, it's the illest juvenile
Wit my knuckle Red, running up in
Your spot with enough gin for you and a friend
[?] for those who huff
It make you wanna get [?] after taking one puff of the stuff
Ooh is tough, but all stress
Chased away by the Tanqueray murder in my way
Hey, young world, peep my method of madness
Watch it bring sadness because it's that thorough
It's me against the world

[Hook: Jamal & Redman]
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
That nigga causing ruckus for all of y'all
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
For all of y'all, for all of y'all

[Verse 2]
I gets mad wreck when wreck is the concept
Sticking tecs to funk fakers necks when they flex
For those that don't know about my flows let me introduce
I'm anti truce plus pack a deuce-deuce
I'm 5 feet 5 inches, I serve the best of the lyricists
I come swift, Def Squad soloist
I be one of the illest, realest, getting busy shorties
Rolling with Reggie smoking blunts and drinking 40s
I'm ripping them all like the frame with information
When I unleash hits I dust 'em off like cremation
If it's on it's on (yo, yo, yo say word bond!)
Word bond on my mamma and his, and his kids
I represent the East where we can ill, don't feel peace!
All the way you talking they gon' get yo' [?] deceased
Murder; haven't you heard of what I be dropping?
'Cause when I drop my ill style my style be popping
Like corn, word is bond, it's on again
I wet 'em up till them fess up, with the Mac to they chin
It's the black Mac 10, I never roam with chrome
When I'm on that ill tip, I only represent my home
(Where is that?) It's P-H-I double the L, Y
When I'm in New Jersey, North 18th, hitting up Double I
Now (I drop) relief 'cause y'all can't see me
I be the looniest little ass MC, now
When I drop my format I make your brains go splat
From what I pack you gots to react

[Hook x2: Jamal & Redman]
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
That nigga causing ruckus for all of y'all
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
For all of y'all, for all of y'all

[Verse 3: Jamal]
Coming from the Squad of Def, never left stranded
All is demanded when the Glock nine is handed
The bandit with green eyes, pack heat
Still keeping it real, maintain to keep it street
Peep, the way I sweep emcees up off they feet
Irritating like wedgies on funk beats
Your style is obsolete, I defeat and crush when I bust
Upon fakers with the gun like track meets I make 'em run
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
And when I rock that shot emcees is sure to fall
You shouldn't have went there (yo nigga)
You gotta come quicker and slicker I'm known to twist a Mr
Now is you with me? (with who?) Jamal
[?]
I got shit covered like plaster, coming massively
Back steps for more wreck and let tricks keep passing me

[Hook: Jamal & Redman]
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
That nigga causing ruckus for all of y'all
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
For all of y'all, for all of y'all
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
That little nigga causing it for all of y'all
Now who the what wanna see Jamal, I fades 'em all
For all of y'all, for all of y'all