[Verse One] [Sha Stimuli]:
Thirst is nothing, image is everything
Wordy and substance verses or heavy bling
I’ll take bling for a thousand Alex
We don’t give a damn about your housing projects
Or the crack you had to deal duke
Folks don’t even wanna know the real you
Here’s an example of me revealing truth
I said ‘hold up, ma can we go dutch?'
I know I know that I be rhyming hard
But you don’t want the waiter to decline this card
Got you next time, we have a date
Value meal, supersize, matinee
We never went out again but
She asked me to eat her out I said we’re better as friends
And she still would complain about her man now and then
And even though I ain’t go out with her I still would go in, I’m sorry
Touched her like I loved her, but when she was leaving I hugged her like a brother
Or an auntie she said she want me I said I empathize with you
But really you’re a liar too
Mad at him for cheating, mad at me for beating
At least I’m not deceiving you
You knew that I was leaving
This chick’s bad, this chick’s hood
But being good in bed doesn’t mean that she’s good
For me
Am I different
Than the rapper that she got two kids with?
She said he ain’t did shit
With his life and he be getting all hype
When his songs be on 2dopeboyz and Nahright

[Hook]
He claims that he’s the best that ever did it and he spits about how he be spitting tell me am I different?
He raps about bitches and the hoes and the way he be pimping damn am I different?
He always calling niggers niggers and he talks about his riches and his digits dog am I different?
Or are they just like me I want people to just like me

[Verse 2] [Sha Stimuli]:
Than the spitter with the diamonds on
That’s saying he’s ill wants you to buy his songs
Posting his video on your Facebook wall
Handing you mixtapes when you pace the mall
He’s thinking why is this taking long
Maybe a thousand more downloads and Wayne will call
Running up to the labels all
Hype he ain’t even a southerner trying to fake a drawl
Am I just like him shawty?
People online saying Stim’s forty?
And he still doing long verses
Still reminiscing being on Virgin
Am I different than the cat you know
With a strong jail record and an average flow?
Or the one with the tight jeans and nappy fro
That thinks his niche is take fast beats and rap real slow
Or sing on a hook or two to get a look or two
Look at me, look at you, yea I’m still saying that yea I’m doing interviews
Yea they ask me why do I feel like I’m such a different dude
And I still answer fuck rap, fuck that , no I’m not bringing New York back
My target is this
My art is a gift so any time a line hits
Any man woman or child that says ‘that’s my shit, or I really feel you Sha’
That’s when I shiver, that’s why I’m doing this, no I’m not bitter
Lincoln freed slaves, but Lincoln owned niggers
You looking at a hypocrite, driven, ignorant spitter
Acknowledge I’m the shit
So what I got you thinking hard, driving in your whip
Waiting for the singing part
I be doing that too
Swear to God yo I’m just like you don’t judge me

[Hook]
He claims that he’s the best that ever did it and he spits about how he be spitting tell me am I different?
He raps about bitches and the hoes and the way he be pimping damn am I different?
He always calling niggers niggers and he talks about his riches and his digits dog am I different?
Or are they just like me I want people to just like me

[Verse Three] [Reks]:
Are we peas from the same pod?
Are these bars and those bars equal dawg?
Am I different to the ears of the listener?
Are we peers, does it appear when we pair our lyrics up?
We rhyme similar, Stimuli, can I offer my opinion up?
These niggas cut from a cloth with the false stitches
Do I floss, toss president grills on bitches?
Fingers imitate triggers and videos and pictures
Am I lost cause this rap thing like the crack thing
But since I do that then, should I quit rapping?
Just asking, am I different?
Distant cause I don't rep a color, bring the goons out
Run up with the jewels out
Model with her boobs out
Big thighs, Tweeting how I'm beating and I'm fiending for snow nose skeet out
Am I follow trend
Or follow pen down the papers boarder and flee the scene when I drop a gem