[Hook: George Carlin & REKS]
They don't want a population of citizens capable of critical thinking. They don't want well informed, well educated people capable of critical thinking. They're not interested in that. That doesn't help them. That's against their interests. That's right. You know something? They don't want people who are smart enough to sit around the kitchen table and figure out how badly they're getting fucked by a system that threw them over board 30 fucking years ago

Now I dumb it down to sleep
Close my eyes, pretend I am blind
But I know, yes I know, yes I know-o
There are no words to speak
I bite my tongue this time
And pretend not to teach
But I do, yes I do, yes I do-o

[Verse 1: REKS]
Good day to ya, might I say properly
Nothing like the good old American monopoly
Property, how do you control space?
Make 'em hate self, went out to control race
Democracy, please come out your hiding place
Hypocrisy, our leaders bare your ugly face
Mine eyes can see the coming of divided state
Philosophy, I know that I know nothing, Socrates

[Hook]

[Verse 2: REKS]
Uncle Sam and Uncle Tom were politicking
Sam was cracking the whip, Tom was cotton picking
Sam said to Tom, Tom wait a cotton picking
Man now you could be out the field, in the kitchen
Tom said, sir I reckon, so I got to listen
Gonna get me a bow tie, I'll get to fetchin'
Whatever you need fetched, and you can call me Benson
I'm at your service sir, if it don't involve lynching

[Outro: George Carlin]
They don't want a population of citizens capable of critical thinking. They don't want well informed, well educated people capable of critical thinking. They're not interested in that. That doesn't help them. That's against their interests. That's right. You know something? They don't want people who are smart enough to sit around the kitchen table and figure out how badly they're getting fucked by a system that threw them over board 30 fucking years ago. They don't want that. You know what they want? They want obedient workers. Obedient workers