[Intro: Edo G]
(It's Edo)
Yeah!

[Verse 1: Edo G]
I throwdown with the showdown, watch how I go down on
Gettin' mo' down on a low down
Trees I used to blow down
Hoe's gettin' the D like Motown, what goes around comes around

I don't fuck wit' crack dealers [?]
You tellin' me to speed up? I'm tellin' you to slow down!
Stop fuckin' wit' the weed spot, snackin' my paper
Got my free thoughts, leave 'em all, at least try

I used to love to burn, now it's too hot!
A-yo I love to learn, but hate to be taught
Hood shit - misunderstood - "I know I could"-shit
Probably hood shit, with-stood-shit

You are one trick pony wit' a damn good trick
You the one slick pony and I rent yo' bitch!
You stuck, no movement like I nurse ya
Never vice-versa, I curse ya, you ain't really movin' the cursor

We tryin' to hurt ya, instinct not to nerd ya
Sirenes don't alert ya, religion can convert ya
After we bury your dirt, cha
If cops wanna search ya, here's a gun 'for they murder

No more chill, son, it's murder/kill, son!
When we see officer Darren Wilson?
To suck, I better stay in hidin'
Yeah, I'm on, too and I'm law abidin'

I'm the prez, Trent is my vice like Biden
We presidin', makin decisions and decidin'
No dividin', we all together, and we ridin'
Co-excited, wit' the people know subsidence

We march, we right, no fatigue
We talk, we quiet, you retreat
Should have done it much sooner
First nightfall, like lunar, the heart away, junior

You got a little fierce B2K
Sayin' please like said they, loveful play
It's a new day, don't lose your [?]
[?], we like toca on a tuesday

I'm stumpin' and scorin' and I'm tauntin ya
Hauntin' ya, takin' what went popular
You can get the wood like a carpenter
I went from a slave to a motherfucking conquerer!

[Hook]
(Oh yeah)
You got me feelin' some sorta way [8x]

[Verse 2: Reks]
I guess there's no conceiling, sorta way I'm feelin'
Baptized, the rebirth mine's, holy water healin's
I ain't a hater, I'm a truth sprayer, booth slayer, sooth sayer
Youth they are misguided lines been divided

Enemy decides who live or die
It's a tragedy, no Shakespeare parody, real players
Who feel the weight lay, body top of body
Benzo after Benzo, Marli after Marli

Never let the info whip the ungodly godly
My body is a temple, why pollute it? Call me Bobby!
My prerogative, I'm sorry, New Edition to my legacy
Forever be my reasonin', for discipline and strengthenin'

Distraction, Edo G, sayin' somethin' and you beggin' nothin'
Standin' on the so-backs, know me, I know toi
Indoctrination of the nation, the people conform
To societal norms and between the lines reborn!

[Scratch Sample]
Move the crowd, got tools for the reddest eyes! [4x]

[Outro]
[?]