[Intro]
That shit running
Let that shit run
Tell these niggas I'm a young Beyonce, motherfucker
[?] Destiny's Child [?] you want beyotch
Say my name, nigga
Yeah
Most dangerous nigga in this city, motherfucker, yeah
Uh, young [?]

[Verse]
Uh, four five I got several
I stay up in the hill not federal
Work hard for the check and the medical
Flex the connect, put these pussies on a pedestal
I tell you just what you wanna hear
You the best, you the man nigga, hell yeah
I'm so good at playing dumb
This shit is elementary to me
They let the God out of prison
Cock my Glock, the Peg-Lord's on a mission
Industry plants, they putting money in the game for the benefits
Because they can't pay for the vision
I am not Animal Collective
I dare one of your indie niggas to check us
Peep the message
Hear my slogan
Don't make a nigga come out like Hulk Hogan
I put legends in the hall of pain
Flex the connect, y'all should be my game
I have no respect for you art-scene lames
You niggas think you different but you really the same
So I
Spend your checks on the weekend
While the bitch niggas creepin'
I tally up all your secrets
Make you pay the Peglord just to keep it (yeah)

[Hook]
You the boss, nigga (flex the connect)
I know you got the sauce nigga (flex the connect)
I love all your videos (flex the connect)
You too deep for these niggas though! (flex the connect)
What's the dilemma? (flex the connect)
So what, you shot the Red Emma's? (flex the connect)
You should sing more, bruh (flex the connect)
You and me, we can run B-more, bruh (flex the connect)
You bought FL too? (flex the connect)
You wanna make beats just like who? (flex the connect)
Man, all these niggas sound the same (flex the connect)
But not you, you different mane (flex the connect)
Your soundclouds popping (flex the connect)
Yo, when that mixtape dropping? (flex the connect)
Yo, you the new Michael (flex the connect)
Man, I wanna be just like you (flex the connect)

[Instrumental Break]

[Outro]
"Like I just want people to know who I am and what I'm trying to do with my music. I'm about to go on tour and like.. y'know.. Diddy was looking at my SoundCloud two days ago and he liked a song.. yeah, my manager knows P. Diddy's cousin's uncle and because of that like,  I feel that I have a left stage that a lot of artists here don't have. I'm not from Baltimore but I am-" (am)
(laughing)