[Intro: Freaky]
(THIS IS A CERTIFIED HOOD CLASSIC)
Aye, aye, aye
Ay Dios mío!
Aye, aye, aye
Ay Dios mío!
Ay Dios mío!
Ay Dios mío!

[Verse 1: Freaky]
I might vote for Donald Trump, just to say I did it
I might blindly fall into a group of friends full of bigots (REAL TRAP SHIT) Y'all don't know my aiming
I got a vision like That's So Raven (damn)
Gangstas don't die, they get fat and move to Miami
I AM HE, throw it my way, INT
Everything straight like ironed T's
In the back of the Bell burning my degree (LLAMA)
At Uni Mart yelling, "Fuck Bernie"
Up early, cup dirty, couple thirties
Boy the way that Sprite, mix with the lean so purrty
Shit, my tolerance is no mercy (damn)
I just popped 20 xan's so the crackers wouldn't find them
Back up to the wall though drugs like "Where's Waldo?"
Wrote it down, Gonzo knows see I chanchó mano a mano
Damn bro, de plano (aye, aye) ferragamo llama sittin' on chanclas
Deuce feed a Fanta or Mylanta (DAMN SON WHERE'D YOU FIND THIS?)
I just might vote for Donald Trump just cause it's legal (adios mio)

[Instrumental Break: Donald Trump and JPEGMAFIA]
"-We have gang, gangs, their coming in from all over-"
(yeah, yo)
"-and as we've said before, we are going to make our country better than ever before, we have that chance!"
(You...you think you know me...)

[Verse 2: JPEGMAFIA]
I might vote for Donald Trump just to say I did it (damn, Peggy)
I might call the IRS, pay them a visit (damn, Peggy)
Feed all my niggas with pistols and privilege them digits (ay dios mios, Peggy)
Finna tell that nigga Chris Christie to pay me a visit
I brought the guns to the house, I got my feet on the couch
I don't think y'all understand but I'm tryna bring back the south (DAMN SON)
I've been the man for a year (what else?)
You've been a bitch all your life (what happened?)
I got my hand on the crown, yeah, voted for that nigga twice (two times)
Braindead on my birthday, I voted for that nigga high (high)
Fuck a Jordan and a Huckabee (fuck 'em), I never wanted the mic (yo)
I never wanted this life (yo), I got a hit for your signs (I do)
My niggas been rollin the dice and now I'm
Shanking these crackers for ice (SHANK 'EM UP!)
I think that I'm over Edge, Spear in a christian
Got all these Lita's, they giving me head
Fuck what you said, fuck out my bed, I'm rolling, I'm rolling
I think they got me on my meds
Got a bitch that give that Nancy Reagan head
Carter that era, she was humping my leg
Bush era, she be close to the dead Trump Era, I'll be killing the feds
(REAL TRAP SHIT)