[Intro]
Yeah, hip-hop
Hip-
Hip-hop
Hip-hop, uh

[Verse]
Uh, only want to hit raw
I got the slickest flows, sickest hoes, sickest cars
JPEG bringing the violence to your town hall
Kicking in the door with the newly plated chrome
And I shoot at the cops
I don't give a fuck about the ops
Twelve suck my dick, bitch, get my kicks
All that lip service you gon' get what you wish for
Now watch me take another rockstar out the picture
Yes, it's the sister, lemme kill mister
Aiming at your warden I bet I won't miss her
Stumble over that body like I'm piss drunk
Lemmy, your face is not a hand and my knuckles try to fist bump
If I don't bill ya, then I'd kill ya
So I'm coming at your head with every single piece of nazi memorobilia, you got
Bitch I am 2Pac, another perfect day to catch an iron fist, you never try to call an ace of spades you old bitch ass, white bread, cracker jack, nigga
You got guns, I got guns, let's see who guns is bigger
I shoot you run, you shoot I bomb on you nigga
Nagusaki, let your fucking ugly cousins watch me get that sloppy toppy from your momma, sister, daughter, anybody
Cut somebody? Think I wanna sample your discogrophy?
Nigga, please, the fuck you think this is? '83
Like you didn't still rock, jazz, blues in '53
Techno, disco, soul, country, and R&B
Can we please have it back, along with all those fucking g's?
Rock & Roll hall of fame, filled with fucking culture theives
Now you wanna shit on the rap game? Bitch please
Shut your fucking mouth man
Keep being a culture vulture like a good European
Imma cremate your life with the urn on my damn porch and smoke Your fucking ashes out the page of the Torah, okay? Okay

[Outro]
Real shit, fuck Motorhead man, and fuck any of these old ass motherfuckers that think anything without guitars isn't music, motherfuckers y'all stole that genre in the first place, now y'all wanna shit on rap? The fu- what's wrong you with y'all niggas, man? Thats li- y'all can't be satisfied with anything that doesn't have your face on it. Man, the fuck outta here man, fuck the shit nigga. Y'all so fuckin' weak, man, all you fat, neckbeard, atheist, metalhead motherfuckers man, keep hip-hop's name the fuck out your mouth, man. We don't want shit to do with you man, stop worrying about us, don't worry about nothin' we doin' man. Stay your bitchass in the YouTube comments section, your natural habitat nigga. Y'all ain't built for this shit nigga. Keep screaming about dragons and shit man, fuck ass trust funds kids playing with they toys nigga. Y'all so fucking pussy, you gotta be hard on the exterior because you pussy as fuck on the inside man. All you fuck ass metalheads nigga. The fuck outta here with that bullshit nigga. And fuck Mastodon too nigga. Have them twerking in the video, you think that shit cute? What if I made a video making fun of metal, nigga? What if it had like, ya know what I'm saying, three white dudes sitting 'round in the dorm listening to Tool and telling dick jokes and shit, you wouldn't think that shit is funny huh? What is that? Reverse racism? Reverse these nuts nigga! Fuck y'all man! Pussy man...

[Sample]
"I just met the most marvelous bunch of niggas! (Laughs) The most marveluous bun- (Crash)"