Jump off the G4 we can meet out side
What you gon’ do?
Jump off the G4 we can meet out side
What you gon’ do?
Jump off the G4 we can meet out side
What you gon’ do?
Jump off the G4 we can meet out side

[Ludacris]
I say look up in the sky it’s a bird it’s a plane
It’s Luda and a hawk at 700 getting brain
Automatic pilot automatic dough
Jump off the G4 we can meet out side
I said look up in the sky it’s a bird it’s a plane
It’s Luda and a hawk at 700 getting brain
Automatic pilot automatic dough
Bitches on assignment automatic hoes
Press the start button let the games begin
Real recognize real let the lames pretend
What you see is what you get when Luda’s rapping
If I say then I've done or it’s about to happen
But I've said that before now I’m back to snapping
I’m an eight figure nigga and that’s just off rapping
So Imma tell you something different and I just might slap’em
Pour belvy on the nigga then I just might jack’em
Get it?
A little deeper than the average mind
My watch lasts a little longer than the average time
‘Cause I never been average I’m further above
If you've got chicks on your dick mines are further in love
You got a crew that be snapping? Yeah me too
Nigga you like rapping? Yeah me too
You got a wad full of cash? Yeah me too
Got a blunt full of hash? Yeah me too

[I-20]
You keep a squad in the hood nigga? Yeah me too
You got a dash full of wood nigga? Yeah me too
You got a pocket full of stones nigga? Yeah me too
You keep on repping for your zone nigga? Yeah me too
Dealer bitch yeah I’m back ignorant rap shit
And I got hype man but they ain’t here to do adlibs
So go ahead and judge a nigga ‘cause I say I so white
Life’s a craps game I stay screaming out hold dice
Tell G bet the house on me you heard what I said
Tell these niggas down on border man I can cover the spread
Yea they coming for my head but I ain’t made it that big
I got a hair trigger nigga that can split your wig
Right! Ya’ll the et cetera whatever I can brag about
All that local bullshit ya’ll love to hear us rap about
Niggas got a drought so ya’ll can’t serve it at home
Tell ya shooters we can cover it we got us a zone
And yea I’m good with this fucking shorty that’s no lie
I make a straight girl cry, turn a dyke bitch bi
Twenty-eight no backpacking but I’ll flip this pack
My desert eagle is a puncher ‘cause it push shit back