[Intro: Tech N9ne]
You should be accountable for the sins
You commit when behind the computer

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I don't see why these motherfuckers don't get it, I'm livid
When a youngster trying to punk ya, like he wanna thump ya
But it's something he twitted, tweeted, when the fun
Come ya done agreed it, get a lump sum you gonna need it
When I'm heated, you don't wanna go to war with a thug who succeeded
I'm not the bigger person in person this music grind stops
When niggas first in the cursin'
You're choosin' N9ne's block 57 jerkin' your curtain
Missouri crime dot, both workin' turfs I be lurkin'!
In case ya be in a bit of hate and you wake
And become an enemy the date should be late
With the brother's memory, the Yates, nobody's safe, it's how it's finna be
You said that you're gonna rape my daughters then cut their arteries?
Would a father be honored? We'd be slobbering to cut your water streams!
Nigga, so while you hidin' behind yo' tweets
I be findin out yo' street, 'cause all that flyin' out yo' beak, nigga
I'm a real one, rhyme without no beat
Say "Fuck N9ne!" and I'll go weak, you just lyin' out yo' teeth nigga!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
I can only take so much
Why don't you think if you threaten me then I'll bust
It'd be different if you stepped to me then get touched
I get a little bitter, we be beefin' on Twitter, I'm bigger
I'm a REAL ONE! Ain't nobody iller
Don't make me call on my guerillas
'Cause what ya say might leak through
Watch what you say when you speak to
A REAL ONE! And ain't nobody realer
If I'm hurtin' then you can feel a nigga, who's inside out
Think about what be comin out ya mouth
If ya doubt I'm a real one

[Verse 2: JL B. Hood]
As real as they come, been me since day one
Good heart in my chest, good smoke in my lungs
Good head on my shoulders, stand in front of my soldiers
Never let anyone hold us, think back when a wiseman told us
That "life ain't about the destination, it's the journey,"
Fulfill one mission, get a new vision, this ambition burning
Maintain determined, distinguished gentlemen but a regular person
Energy up in my veins, got my fangs hangin' I'm turnin'
Run with a Strange gang and I'm certain
That good thangs changing in that burden
Lifted, DIBKIS nigga hundred percent
Of it all real if he comin at me sideways
Thinkin' that I will not kill, you trippin'
Been like that ain't, nothin' different
In a position throne like I'm sittin'
Can't get pissed with consistent dissin'
Fuck that, where they do that at you gonna
See a nigga act unchristian
I'm unstable, just ask Krizz then
When I flip, so wicked it's sickenin'
Niggas ain't takin' food up outta my kitchen
I'm aiming at you, cowards
Don't stand in the way of ours
That's word to Jesse Deuce Howard

[Hook]
I can only take so much
Why don't you think if you threaten me then I'll bust
It'd be different if you stepped to me then get touched
Instead you be on Facebook with a hate look, AY, LOOK!
I'm a REAL ONE! Ain't nobody iller
Don't make me call on my guerillas
'Cause what ya say might leak through
Watch what you say when you speak to
A REAL ONE! And ain't nobody realer
If I'm hurtin' then you can feel a nigga, who's inside out
Think about what be comin out ya mouth
If ya doubt I'm a real one

[Verse 3: JL B. Hood]
Extensive time on these lines
Obsessive with mine, when I rhyme
Express what I find
When I'm tryna access my mind
I'm here with Tech, Tech, Tech (N9ne!)
If that upsets you then fine
Too sensitive, busy cryin
Nigga bout' to get left behind
Expensive wine on the table
In the atmosphere of a winner
Celebratin' and I'm drinkin'
Like fuck it I'm on a bender
Havin' the time of my life
Hope I sober up and remember
Keep it all Strange, brody
And it's only gonna get bigger

[Verse 4: Tech N9ne]
Animosity, we don't need it
But the botchery in your tweet it
Really bothered me 'cause you're seated
Hella far from me, you're deleted
But it's irkin' me 'cause you said it
Wasn't givin' a fuck when you read it
If all of you motherfuckers was accountable
For givin' the negative all of it would be debted, dead
So watch that evil shit you spread
I'm a real one so I feel some hurtin' pain then I go shed
Yeah, so don't back off when I respond
And take your cap off when I go Nam'
So when you jackoff I'm on your lawn, motherfucker!

[Hook]
I can only take so much
Why don't you think if you threaten me then I'll bust
It'd be different if you stepped to me then get touched
But my heart don't pump no Kool-Aid
This the song that you made? It's too late!
I'm a REAL ONE! Ain't nobody iller
Don't make me call on my guerillas
'Cause what ya say might leak through
Watch what you say when you speak to
A REAL ONE! And ain't nobody realer
If I'm hurtin' then you can feel a nigga, who's inside out
Think about what be comin out ya mouth
If ya doubt I'm a real one

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
I'm a real guy, just 'cause you made me a star
Don't make me a bigger person
When you say something disrespectful to me
I'm gonna react in the same way
That a regular person would act on the street
It don't matter If you buying my records or whatever
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
I got feelings too