[Intro: Krizz Kaliko]
Yeah, alright, so what I'm ‘bout to tell you, you might not like what you hear, this about your lady, your woman, your wife... I-I mean like... that ain’t your bitch

[Chorus: Tech N9ne & (Krizz Kaliko)]
See yo it was cool when I met her
The kind of chick who wanna do whatever
I think you better let her
Cause nigga that ain’t your bitch (That ain’t your bitch, man)
Nah, nigga that ain’t your bitch (Nah, nah, not at all)
And quick to use on your cheddar
I see your face getting redder and redder
‘Cause she's a doubleheader
So, nigga that ain’t your bitch (That is not your bitch)
Nah, nigga that ain’t your bitch, nah (She belongs to me, man)

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Playin’ with love man fo’ sho’ you gon’ die
Now he know you up to something swellin’ up your eye
Looser than you used to be
Creepin’ he can prove when she, sleepin’ and she screamin’ "Kali Baby!"
Now, how you know it's me?
How long you gonna live that lie to 'em
Everytime you feel me, feel guilty, run right home and cry to 'em
We old friends doin’ some catching up
Girl, go home and patch it up
Watch out when he drop the bomb I'mma just catch it up (for real)
And then I make her repeat 3P
Texting when he’s next to her, when she’s sleeping then he peep
Calling my phone and clicking out (Hello?)
He know there’s something suspicious, and he wishes that he could figure out
The way I’m applying the pressure
Yes sir, when I undress a mess I, hair up, I never stress her
She love the keffa
Let it go ’cause she damn near gone
Next time your nose open, put your antennas on

[Chorus: Tech N9ne & (Krizz Kaliko)]
See yo it was cool when I met her
The kind of chick who wanna do whatever
I think you better let her
Cause nigga that ain’t your bitch (That is not your bitch)
Nah, nigga that ain’t your bitch (She's everybody's bitch, man)
And quick to use all your cheddar
I see your face getting redder and redder
‘Cause she's a doubleheader
So, nigga that ain’t your bitch (Trust me)
Nah, nigga that ain’t your bitch, nah (She's a hustler)

[Bridge x2: Tech N9ne]
I know her, I know her, I know her
I know her, I know her, I know her
That ain’t your bitch, nah nigga, that ain’t your bitch

[Outro: Krizz Kaliko]
That is not her, it’s not him, and it’s definitely not you. That ain’t your bitch, man. You wonder why she acting funny? Playing them pussy games? Coming home late? Kids ain't ate? And you still, eating that cold pizza in the morning man
It ain’t your bitch. Trust me. I know her