[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Everything was supposed to be all Jesus
Come ease us we really need to be free from evil deeds
Plus negros, hide in thee weeds waiting to see us
And we bust then they will bleed trying to seize us
Bad season, I'm ready to trip for that reason
How your beefin gonna last when your ass vegan?
I ask trees when cash is fast, and weed then gonna have cheese stacks
Then trash bags will have fees then
Yes sir that's why the milli is in thee dresser
For any motha f'er wanna test for Tech will get him wetter
Step into death your ex messing with a keffer
Never let your lover get put in less than a bed with a heffer
The mags breathing, these fags freezing cause cats teased him
And they passed on that evening
I flash B's, and sag my flags revving I blast heathins
If they had me in bad season

[Hook: Tonesha Sanders] (2X)
These things must mean bad seasons
And they must be for a reason

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Hardly time for no hardey ha no laughter
Working them hard I can't leave no starving bastard
Pardon me if you see a star in me it startles me
And I ain't come to party but I'm always what inbottles me
I'm living for the chips for the extra, got too many deaths
And I'm trying to find the way out the selexta
Jokes folks telling me gotta to bless ya
I ain't trying to Busta Rhymes, difference is there calling me Besta
My season is devil people receiving me
They party to my words but I don't think the motherfuckers is believin' me
Half the time I think my eyes are deceiving me
Fat boy that boy o'er there keep there hands in the air
You can do me like a new kid (New kid)
Rocket 'til it's putrid (Putrid)
Articulate to prove it but motherfuckers is stupid (Okay)
Kali baby, and his thing never leaving
Running out of breathe cause I'm breathing the bad season (Bitch!)

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Nesto]
Ah! I think I'm out of my mind, they say I'm out of control
Tech let me go! This shit right here is a straight-jacket flow
It's nuts like pistachios, can't you tell? Lyrically I'm spraying shells
Wit my tongue, the devil's my son so I'm raisin hell
Yeah, yeah, say it twice, turn you to confetti with this machete
I'm like Freddy, you'll die dreaming like Reggie White
Oh, oh, you in town? People shook when you around
Cut, they know the owner's well connected like unibrows
Big, big, bad wolf, yeah, I came and blew it down (Pff)
This is my newest style, oh, yeah? I'm a mess
Y'all know, everyone got hard flows
Where they at? Cause I can never find them like Waldo
Click, click, blaow! At your stomach feel the pow!
Have you rollin' on the ground, bleeding pleading screaming OOOW!
Rest in peace, this a sad evenin'
Tech, Krizz and Nes will show you a bad season

[Hook]