[Intro]
The omega (the end)
Check it out, check it out

[Verse 1]
Anybody wanna go to war with a nigga like Tech Neezle?
We killing them evil people
Anybody thinking evil is feasible need to go
Everybody that's banned for, I'm a killer with a chainsaw
I'ma damage and mangle, the devilish death by an angel
Change y'all, fuck a nigga, buck a nigga
When he wanna get a piece of a native Amerikilla
Fo' realer gorilla like me, a mothafucka might see or might not see
That I'm 'bout me broccoli, you can lock me
In a cell wit a Nazi whiter than oxy and he wouldn't wanna box me
When I'm finished, the mind is diminished
They coming out blacker than a shocked Lee (number nine)
What? Complete the heat, release the beast for me, defeat
Irregular, secular, right next to ya
Watching the beat have sex wit ya, Midwesterner
Shakin' hella hands and kissin' babies
Spittin' that shit that’ll make ‘em all go crazy, in a war zone

[Interlude]
If you repeat the words, "Be Warned" three times
All your fear and stress will no longer exist
DenraW eB, denraW eB, denraW eB

[Hook]
Weak mothafuckas, this is lyrical WARFARE!
“Everybody wit the Tech N9ne betta bust back like a muthfucka" (OH YEAH!)
Anybody wanna diss Tecca N9na you know that you mothafuckaz goin' (NO WHERE!)
Eleven eight seventy (O-N-E BOMB!)
These punk mothafuckaz betta (BE WARNED!)

[Verse 2]
I write the scripture to flip ya, no course to got you
When I ripped'cha, lyrics bit'cha like Nosferatu
When I lit'cha, when I spit'cha, right before I shot you
Wa alaikum assalam wa rahmatullahi wa barakatuh
Feelin' my heart hates my brain (brain brain)
Cause my brain makes me do things that causes my heart pain (Who's to blame?)
Never will the N9na name any names (names names)
But uh, motherfuckers wantin' N9na to sell his soul for the price of fame
Fuck that with a big dick!
Never will I get wit a motherfucker tryin' to get the millimeter twisted!
Bow to me! Six six triple eight forty six ninety nine three! will beware
On top of the world, it's mine! Look ma I made it!
Satan delayed it, but a higher power okay'ed it!
So I sprayed it! Nigga nigga

[Hook]
WARFARE!
“Everybody wit the Tech N9ne betta bust back like a muthfucka (OH YEAH!)
Anybody wanna diss Tecca N9na you know you mothafuckaz goin' (NO WHERE!)
Eleven eight seventy (O-N-E born!)
These punk mothafuckaz betta (BE WARNED!)