[Intro: Tech N9ne, Kutt Calhoun and random woman]
[T] Let's go holler at her real quick
[K] Ooh shit, we gotta do that
[T] What's your name baby?
[W] Bianca...
(Tech and Kutt both start laughing)
[W] What'chu laughin' for?
[T] (still laughing) Ah nothin', nothin' baby it's cool, you know what I'm sayin

[Hook:]
Bianca’s and Beatrice’s are known for wettin' mattresses
And bendin' over in the ill positions
Bianca's and Beatrice's they love the way I'm rappin' this
I dig 'em then I pluck 'em then I diss 'em

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I'm kickin' it wit' this chick up in the club I'm off the Lou
And when you're on that Caribou you know just what you do
I called her Bianca, then she said "What is that Bianca shit?"
I looked and cracked a smile and said Bianca means you, bitch
You's a Bianc' baby, whether you like it or not
But you hot especially when x and vicodin popped
If you trippin' you can hike it and hop
'Cause you know what I came to do
Me and my villains come to strike it and stop
Pipe it and prop, ya leg up and get up
Bianca hold ya head up, ya sex wet the bed up
Everybody's ponderin', wonderin' about my slang that I spit
You can use it when you refer to a dame or a chick
Don't be trippin' about the choice of words I'm usin' on this script
Don't step off in my face 'cause you can bet I come equipped
You wanna know what to say to get the Bianc' to let you blend? (What?)
Hotel, motel, Holiday Inn!

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Kutt Calhoun]
You that new green nigga Kutt Calhoun (Who that?)
You know that big-lip pretty nigga wit' the gold teeth (oh) be rapping with Tech
Heard he just signed a big deal, an estimated 5 or 6 million
That nigga fine if he willing, I'ma blow his mind (bitch!)
Big lips and all the things involved got your whole brain dissolved
You couldn't squeeze in these drawers if you was my dick and balls
I tell you man, theses dames are lame, greedy, raunchy, and dykes
A nigga gets a bit of fame and Bianca’s be like:
(Sow yo' ro-yal oats,)
Beatrice's sayin' (Hell yeah yeah yeah yeah)
But Kutty be like (Ho no slow yo' roll)
Buffoon to busy tryin' to zoom off into the (upper room!)
Claiming they Cath-o-lic, licking asses, off ecstasy
Weed and hashes, and hits of acid, addressing me
Just ‘cause I rap, bitch you gettin’ nasty
Gone wit'cho nasty ass pizzazz ashy slash sassy, Beatrice!

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Beatrices means more than one Bianca
They actresses, bring 'em sex toys and ganja
We activists, ain't no yes boys, we monsters
And macks at this, ring ya best noise we conquer
The fact is this: say you don't wanna when you want to
Relax to this ecstasy and Willy Wonka
We slaps a bitch, 'cause me and my niggas are bonkers
We stacks the hits, no Coleco, Tyco, or Tonkas
Immaculate get the motherfucker you honor
A laxative, 'cause they boo-boo bitin' piranhas
My gats'll spit, 'til you player haters are goners
Like Maximus, I'm gladiator for na-na
My raps assist the beat that disturbin' ya mama
They scrap to this, welcome wicked witness the trauma
So clap to this, while you puffin' yo' marijuana
Get back to this, (what) Beatrice's and Bianca's

[Hook x2]

[Outro: Tech N9ne talking]
Yo, yo, yo, baby…
I’m so sorry if your name is Bianca or Beatrice…
I know they givin' you a hard time about it, you know what I’m sayin'? (laughs)
Ey yo, it’s just some lingo, though, Tech N9ne lingo, you know what I’m sayin?
My brother Dyno Mack, he’s a god damn fool, came up with that shit in LA, doe
Baby I’m so sorry, you know what I’m sayin', if your name is Bianca, and Beatrice, hey…
(laughs)