[Intro]
(As the sun falls, darkness shall come..)
I went out of my way, to do music for you!
I did shit with E-40, Scarface!
Everybody, all your heroes, nigga, Yukmouth!
Modest shit! Now I'm 'bout to do it my way!
I don't give a fuck what y'all think about me!
Call me devil worshipper, nigga
You think that shit was bad? Listen to this, motherfucker!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
How do I describe my pain?
It just rains and it brings at the same time flame
I am bane, insane in my veins
No restraints can chain or contain me, I'm dangerous
When I gave you my light it was wrong, wasn't right
And no love was in sight when I need it
So I run with the night and the songs that write
It be vile and it won't be defeated
It's jet black in my brain
Cause the hatred you gave me has turned me to twisted
You don't like this – Suck my dick
All the kids with the sickness' been waiting for this shit
I wanna get into the mind of your youngest
Fill it with fungus and grow it 'till it's humongous
Psycho alumnus, the tip of the tongue slit
Urging the punk bitch: Eat shit from your dump pit!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Everyone, are you ready for doom?
Because I've blackened the sun and I've bloodied the moon
I bring gloom when I step in the room
With the fumes of a tomb I consume all the light in the day
Everyone, are you ready for doom?
Because I've blackened the sun and I've bloodied the moon
I bring gloom when I step in the room
With the fumes of a tomb, flowers bloom when I'm taken away!

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
I got this cloud inside, it's consuming my mind
All the brown in my eyes are dissolving
Into the whites of my eyes, now the night will arise
And I'm hyped cause the beast is evolving
Step into my dreams, lot of bleeding and semen and green rotted demons
And they feed their seeds collard greens
Full of feces and cheesed pieces of human cerebrum this evening
(Stay away...) – Cause everything I touch, turns to mold!
(If you want me..) – Everything I fuck, straight explodes!
Are we there yet? Are you scared yet?
You got a pussy in your pants, wanna share that?
Let me in, I'mma rip it then I'mma tear it out
I'm tryin' to eat a bitch, where her motherfucker hair at!?

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Heat swells, details
Everybody eat nails, sleep well
Held a gun, I come to attack everyone
You little crumbs, all are done, I'mma blacken the sun
I'll banish it, damage it, can you manage to vanish?
Cut you like Anakin, manic man, damn it, and it's no panicking
When I eat your soul, he's north pole
That means I'mma be more cold, freeze more soul, 40 below
Piss, Lav, and Cuervo, plus habenero - now chug it!
Burn their head to their toes!
I will not spare those - I love it!
This is the result of you, thinking unclear, callin' me weird!
Thinking I'm a devil so you niggas don't cheer!
I don't give a fuck what you think of Tecca Nina this year!

[Hook]