[Intro: Rittz]
Yeah... They don't really want it with us. Yeah...

[Verse 1: Rittz]
Shit my flow's aggressive
I've been told that it's so impressive
Might have heard me on a smoking session
Sounding nasally mainly cuz my nose was messed up
I been out in California snorting blow with Ke$ha
There's no one fresher
But no one ever compliments me
So many dope white boys out now I'm chopped liver
But if you want Rittz then this is what I'll give you
This simpleton in me, I brought the rest of the South with us
Just follow my outfit it's so loud on the cloud thickest
So I don't got not time to pay attention to gossipers
Slumerican is the crew if they ain't with us they not winners
Monstrous platinum murdering you are now witness
Run for cover thought I was bluffing on dime bitches
Your five fingers only thing the Troopers done found
The rest of your body dumped in the Chattahoochee to drown
You fucked around and shit so don't be trying to punk me it's gon' be a bloody-

[Hook]
MURDAH!
It's Tech and Rittz up in this bitch; it's about to be a bloody-
MURDAH!
On any record, any second, it could be a bloody-
MURDAH!
Give me a reason: leave them leaking have them screaming bloody-
MURDAH!
Johnny Valiant in this bitch! (Tech N9ne!)
(x2)

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
TECH N9NE!
Give me the bomb my nigga we're killers about to pillage
And abolish a bunch of you bringing battling to my village
Canning them with calibers- look at your lady; I smile at her
I let her get it; bust her melon open like Gallagher
Massacre!
You're gonna be pissing through a catheter
I be ripping with the lip and about to flip;
They're gonna laugh, at your rap, I'm a scavenger
Tech is a cold-blooded killer leaving you lavender
Quincy Jones, he told me that I be B-boppin', we rocking
Better than ever you're gonna see watch a G-Shocking
Peeper, how you gonna get with a creature
Murdering everywhere? They be stamping my visa
Even though people knowing I be killing for leisure
Shaking the fuck out of niggas and giving em seizures
Arriba, arriba, ain't nobody can see the
White Jesus murdering anyone TECCA NINA!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Rittz]
Rap zombie attack, killin'em, chewin'em
Every track I brutally murder who never heard of me
Impersonally I'm doin' it
Call me a hooligan I'm not a human I'm a mutant in
The rap game better be makin' room for me I'm movin' in!
Been hated on so much I've grew to be immune of it
Dope by makin' Methanfetamines from Sudafed
You da spit, they'd acknowledge it but they'd just be disputin' i,t
And they don't wanna see me up in the booth cause I'm a lunatic
I guess it's time to stick a pin in that balloon again;
Bring 'em back to Earth to say a word and then my 'moodafish,'
True to chewin' any good new go and get a tool rap
Shit ain't made for me they need to put me in a looney bin
Doofuses, steady tryin' to bite and make a duplicate
Homie they don't wanna see me losin' it, hold on lemme
Show 'em how we do it Tech, family reunion shit
Slumerican and Strange Music bitch, 'bout to be a bloody-

[Hook]