[Intro: Larone Burnette]
Clueless (Ohhhhhh, Clueless)
Mindless
Clueless (We're gonna leave you mindless)
Mindless (Divine bringin' on down)

[Verse 1: Solé]
Supreme, all about my cream, can you dig the ish?
Finna be hella rich made a switch to kill the snitch
Turned out to be a nothing but a hater
I pull the trigger, it bites the liver
To the MO; dead on arrival
Homocidal when we ride taking ya title
It ain't nothing but a thing, cause everybody gotta die
Everybody gotta lie, hit the scene
I'm all about the green and the cash
Give it up fast: the no-no, player watch for the po-po
Bring a 'cain diller as I bring the pain killer
On the low low creepin' affiliated
See a chick demonstrate it, make 'em frustrated
Complicated with a buzz, burst until [?] must kickin' up dust
Crushin' competition, I'm on a mission
Mitch wanna be dissin' at the same time
Ass kissin', hopin' they wishin' that I
Play out, fade out never heard of me, but occurred to be
Greatest, Mitch hate this
[?] nothin' but a word to me
Really worth to me, gotta rock it up, gotta stuck it up
Upon game Mitch you gotta mop it up, soakin'
No jokin', can't breathe
No more messin' 'round start chokin'
Everybody that I meet (what you doin'?) dealin'
Everybody peep it: the lyrical context to get hexed by voodoo
No tellin' what's next you're clueless

[Chorus: Larone Burnette]
Now what you gonna do? Your time has run out
When the Divine and Nina come for you. Are you dreaming?
Or are you still awake, your time has run out, player
Now where you gonna run? Where you gonna hide?
Death around the corner and it shows tonight
(Cause you were trippin' you got caught slippin'
And now you clueless about your situation
Lights out, we know it's hesitation)

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
I'm about to hit 'em with a mirror, killer
Gotta get a little bit more of that skriller
What the hell a hater gonna do
When they come face to face with a 9 milla
(Backed up off of ya, none out but you hopped off I crush ya)
See me when I'm comin' with a (Ch-ch-ch)
Better hope you'll never hear the (Hah-ah-ah)
Bust every day, many day, any day
I spray it at hater that claim he's on
Make that hater say hee-hah Dameon
Devil child, devil's son, by the rule of the God with the rebel's gun
And if that trick no like it, suck me huevos hun, hum
Is that killer with the flow not so-so
Never with a Willie Bobo, hot like cocoa beautiful just like Acapulco, poke your ho, oh
She's wet, she's aqua, clueless trick, never had to jock her
All over my sack and nobody, niggaro not even you can stop her
La Cosa Nostra, me fly boast up, ride that track like a roller coaster
Come a little closer, see a motherkcuf like Tech Nina toast you
N9ne Tech come with Divine, just remain mindless
When I flex you, you get next to the real killer
But a Bade Mitch motherkcuf just stay at school

[Chorus: Larone Burnette]
Now what you gonna do? Your time has run out
When the Divine and Nina come for you. Are you dreaming?
Or are you still awake, your time has run out, player
Now where you gonna run? Where you gonna hide?
Death around the corner and it shows tonight
(Cause you were trippin' you got caught slippin'
And now you clueless about your situation
Lights out, we know it's hesitation)

[Verse 3: Solé]
It's all a mystery, check out the history
Follow the trickery, hollow tips are loaded from the Tech N9ne
Known to bust caps everytime, won't you rewind it? (yrlived)
Got 'em blinded, simple minded
Gotta get up behind, stop gettin' wild somethin' like pal!
I make 'em all really wonder how, can we kill em?
Have we deal them?
36 grams up in 'em, like snakes deliver up dangerous
Mess around gotta hit 'em, Tech Nina and
Divine rollin' up can't stop the bum rush
While play haters come to us, victorious, so glorious
Mitch Bade is dumb to us, Notorious
Like Biggie, is she really from Kansas City, Missouri?
Mitch you better be hear me, better be fear me, nothin' but an enemy
On my way to make many G's in the industry, that's how it gotta be
Everybody be useless another murder committed, clueless

[Verse 4: Tech N9ne]
You ever dance with a devil in a pale moonlight
I usually ask of all my prey
I'm gonna be level when I'm on a mic
You fool I'm a live round when I spray
[?] I mean [?] make a lot of money [?] sentimental
Never did I make Biancas whine [?] N9ne
Get spunked, not even I keep kickin' a bud
Never give up the Bianca when they wakin' up in [?]
Clueless, who less, me and you foolish
This when a nigga do best
But if you bite your thumb at me
Tecca Nina gotta make a punk of you
Much more strand than an attitude
Bigger than the Capulet and the Montegue
Who really wanna get involved?
When I bust like sailor [?]
Will you do me a favor, get lost?
Or get your head torn off by the flip boss
Killa clown, look around, hella off the hook
And I stays in the killa zone now, milla dawn
Niggas be clueless and more so than Alicia Silverstone

[Chorus: Larone Burnette]
Now what you gonna do? Your time has run out
When the Divine and Nina come for you. Are you dreaming?
Or are you still awake, your time has run out, player
Now where you gonna run? Where you gonna hide?
Death around the corner and it shows tonight
('Cause you were trippin' you got caught slippin'
And now you clueless about your situation
Lights out, we know it's hesitation)

[Outro: Larone Burnette]
We're gonna leave you clueless, clueless
And all you peeps and hustlers wonder why and how do they we do it, do it
Coming with finesse, you're messin' with the best
[?]nothing but music bumped and straight [?]
Don't try to find it, or even bite it
Just brought the music to your head and get excited
Cause we comin' real smooth, so what you wanna do
Wanna be down with me and my crew?