[Intro: Tech N9ne]
In this house there is no room for envy!
This is why we wear uniform!
Racists, not welcome!
Rapists, not welcome!
Hatred, dreaded in this house!
Ready to fight hatred with love?
Join us!

[Hook: Liz Suwandi]
If you come with me then I can show you
Where we'll take you, where you dare not go to
Follow me and let my mind control you
We'll rebuild this world that will destroy you

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
How many wanna go? How many wanna know?
How to fight demons when the planet is gonna blow
A lot of ammunition gotta be packing a lot of dough
Being together and it is wonderful
A gun was loaded, one exploded
Speaking evil with the tongue he just folded
From the Tech soldier, some get blessed over
Bums they come from straight under get swole
I told ya, that I would die for my loved ones
Kill for my blood ones, beside a cousin
Together when the evil does come
I question are you willing to plug one
Protection is one thing you need
To battle any animal coming with greed
If evil try to penetrate us and feed
Simple mathematics, demon you bleed

I know this comes off violent but this fight's for love
It should not be this way but evil drew first blood

Put the roman numeral nine on your inside
Right wrist, so I can read it properly like this
That's how we know we together within the crisis
And you don't need a lot of your money to buy this
Stay with me in the darkness when the light hits
I will promise your family low prices
A better war for boys and girls
Might get a little dark and dirty before we get to the brightness

[Hook: Liz Suwandi]
If you come with me then I can show you
Where we'll take you, where you dare not go to
Follow me and let my mind control you
We'll rebuild this world that will destroy you

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
The red is for the blood we all shed fighting
The black is for the nights we fight with no lighting
The white is for the clouds from which we came flying
Landing in this jam with man and then began dying
We slegna see dread through these retinas
We beg to be swept up by the blessed head inspector
But all these hecklers don't respect the way we lecture ya
Get next to ya, that's when the Tech get flexed in a watup who's next with us

If I happen to die at the end of my run
Please give all of my note books and guns to my son

When the smoke clears I hope there's some folks near
To vote me as the pope here, not quote fear is not a condition and no tears
The new color is black clothes black boots and strings
I'm gonna show these nonbelievers what mass lab producing means

[Hook: Liz Suwandi]
If you come with me then I can show you
Where we'll take you, where you dare not go to
Follow me and let my mind control you
We'll rebuild this world that will destroy you

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
That's right!
There are people right outside these doors
That actually would attempt to be our oppositions
Simply, because of the love we have for each other!
The love! Ain't that something?
We still have our daily jobs, we still pay our taxes, right?
Some of y'all ain't paid your taxes but we workin' on it right?
So what do you think the problem is?
That we all dress alike? That's petty that couldn't be it
That we helped those in any kind of trouble
That's supposed to be a good Samaritan, right?
Then evil is why we have friction!
And what do we do to evil?
O.W.H.H! (O.W.H.H!)
Off with his head!
(Off with his head!)
Off with his head!
(Off with his head!)
Off with his head!
That's what I think