[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
You don't really know what I can do to niggas if they penetrate the home of mine
Load it up and hit the motherfuckers with the Smith and Wesson 729
Dirty Harry on them real quick
Make a nigga feel real sick
Funny how they wanna get me now that everybody swingin' on my dillznick
What you wanna do?
Nigga what?
Trippin' with the crew give it up
I'ma live it up
6 6 Triple 8 46 9 9 3
Find these niggas overseas makin' hella cheese
Fuckin bitches lookin' Chinese
If you gettin' down with the sickness
If you clowns you can get this
I know it sounds hella wicked
If you frown you a dipshit
We can do it nigga if you wanna but you never will prosper
Never fuck with the darkness I'ma hit the playa haters
Get a little cocky nigga I'ma live it up!
I'ma get what money can't get us, never with the funny brand niggas
Stick 'em with the sickening shit and really wicked like a nicotine (BITCH)
Gimme the big (car)
Gimme the big (house)
Gimme the big booty bitches
Me and Ockwizzle livin' in Cockdizzle
On the mission for them riches

[Hook: Hopsin]
Now I'm on the darkside representin'
'Cause I lived a hard life and heaven didn't
Arrive in time enough to save me
So I'm givin' you back what you gave me (Don't blame me!)
Don't bother me while I'm trying to pack
'Cause I'm goin' away and I ain't comin' back
Doctors say my brain's a little off track
Allow me to tell you a few small facts

[Verse 2: Hopsin]
Yo, do you know what the fuck it's like stuck inside this hell hole tryna crush a mic?
There ain't a buck in sight
I'm sleepin' with the dust and mites
I scream because I ain't got the guts to cry
What the fuck did I, ever do to be put here?
Is it because I'm a black nigga who looks weird?
I try making 2010 a good year
But I don't even see an outlet I could gear
Every single morning when I be waking up I'll be tryna develop a dope new age rap
But before doing it I going to the kitchen
And get me a couple noodles and a Kool-Aid pack
Motherfuckers wanna slow the momentum
'Cause when I kick a syllable I never caught up the venom
I done battled a lot of niggas but they don't get to win 'em
The minute I pin 'em up, hell's where I'm hoping to send 'em, come on
My careers got no solution
Can't wear my contacts I got no solution
Everybody keep on tellin' me I'm s'posed to do shit
If you was on the edge how close would you get
To cutting a neck for some fuckin' respect?
'Cause you stuck in a debt and they ain't cutting a check
The pain up in your chest
All the sudden ejects
'Cause you turned a record in but they wasn't impressed
(Fuck that!)

[Hook: Hopsin]
Now I'm on the darkside representin'
'Cause I lived a hard life and heaven didn't
Arrive in time enough to save me
So I'm givin' you back what you gave me (Don't blame me!)
Don't bother me while I'm trying to pack
'Cause I'm goin' away and I ain't comin' back
Doctors say my brain's a little off track
Allow me to tell you a few small facts