[Chorus]
I ain't never givin' drink up
I ain't never givin' drink up
I ain't never givin' drink up
Just fill my drink up

[Verse 1]
Why they sippin'? (Why?) Because it's their decision
Why they got the bottles and models around 'em thizzin'? (Why?)
Because they make a livin'
Why they starin' at us like all of 'em want a whippin'? (Why?)
Because them niggas trippin'
Why they gotta flex and be put into that position? (Why?)
'Cause drunk is their condition
Mind toll, sleepin' is when I'm through
Then it's never mind you, off the wine brew
Hard liquor, mixin', you wishin' for a thicken, that'll be a fine screw
Wakin' and perkin' off my medicine, shovin' mimosas up in my head again
Tell me to slow up, bitch I'm a veteran, I'ma get it bouncin'
Just when they comin' at me with counselin'
Please sound the horn for this public announcement

[Chorus]
I ain't never givin' drink up
I ain't never givin' drink up
I ain't never givin' drink up
Just fill my drink up

[Verse 2]
Why they hatin' (Why?)
'Cause we fuckin' amazin'
Why they lookin' at us with serious aggravation (Why?)
'Cause they got limitations
Why they wanna scrap with us 'cause the money we makin' (Why?)
They got no education
Why they women leave' em to get with our congregation (Why?)
Because them niggas fake and we been awake
And when this kid bite me, trippin', he did try me
Had to crack 'em, had to get scrappy in this bizz naive
I spin his hair right around, yes I did my G
He wanted to run up and get with the gun up because it was whizz by me
Did your man 'cause she's a fan and hold my biz highly
Doin' any and every to score like she is Kyrie
In a drunken stupor, she hit me with the kwizzz whyme
'Cause we saw you can't handle liquor and hold a bwizz flylie
You bwi

[Chorus]
I ain't never givin' drink up
I ain't never givin' drink up
I ain't never givin' drink up
Just fill my drink up

[Verse 3]
Why we buzzin'? (Why?)
Because we steady chuggin'
Now we leave the spot and we gotta go get to grubbin'? (Why?)
'Cause we hungry all of a sudden
Why they get the table across the way hella muggin'? (Why?)
Because they think they thuggin'
Why y'all want the nook and not trippin' out over nothin'? (Why?)
Because I am McLovin
Girl I'm tryna smash, so just hit the gas
Inebriated, we made it straight to the pad
I know you probably heard that I am the bag
I make hella cash and I do everything upper class
But what I'm 'bout to do is pour another glass
Get a couple of Rice Crispy edibles out the stash (hold up)
We's about to have another blast
Got up out of her clothes, ready to go and then I crashed (gone)

[Outro]
But I ain't never givin' drink up
Drink Aribou Cay respon... excessively
I ain't never givin' drink up
I ain't never givin' drink up
La la la la la