[Intro: Girl & Tech]
Only if you promise to smack me god damn it
I think I'm gonna do the uhh.. hook on this one, yeah
Okay, turn around so I can hit it from the back
No
Come on!
I don't want to
You don't want me to hit it from the back? Come on! BIANC!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I like to hit it on flip, don't trip
I make it worth it, if you nervous I got the service
That'll make you work it, you deserve it
A sex spot to flex wet spots with grip
Stressin' now, 'cause ain't nobody throwin' tips
Your hips so amazin', I'm gazin', you blazin'
Praisin' and I no longer shriveled like a raisin
I'm stoned - hopin' that your homegirl I entered is
I'm down, even if is Ellen Degeneres
I'ma clown the punana, pound the pupan
Hate it like a crouton, wise words from God Zoutan
The flip baby, no gip baby
Ninna like the way you strip, baby, no way you dip ladies
See me in your city, be ready, when I'm looking for some fun
I be coming at you, five hundred worth of 1's
Just the trick off, gather your oils to lick off
You and your homegirl rollin' with me, jerkin' my dick off
Not a rip off, just gettin' it tossed the lip gloss
Your lips lost so deep in it, they callin' me the pit boss
I'm lovin' it the way you got me shovin' it
Doggy slip-slide, much obliged
I cried when I hit it on the flipside

[Chorus: Tech N9ne and Girl]
(Which side?) Flipside
(This side) Ladies so I can dip die
(That's right)
Ain't nothin' thick about the way I like it
The jiggle making me fizzle when you make it, make it wiggle a little
Stay on the flipside
(Which side?) Flipside
(This side) Ladies so I can dip die
(That's right)
This ain't no ballad talkin' about how I'm in love
This is strictly for the strippers in the club, on the flipside

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
Meet me in Las Vegas, I'm stayin' at the Grand
Keys under Ninna when you be fightin' with your man
Into it, no undees, get ready to bungy, jump me
Knew you meant business, when you ripped out my Abercrombie
Hormones hungry, like to get me down under like Crocodile Dundee
Keepin' your sex weapons from me, I'm grungy
Not mean and I'm way freaky like zombie
Friday to Sunday yellin' Tech, I love the way you done me
And then I'm Solomon Grundy, you's a flower when I killed it
You wilt it, who got power, call me (Deep Space N9ne)
On [?] 'cause I rocked 'em all with socks and all
Y'all 'iancs, I hit the lots of y'all
Slots, (show 'em, show 'em what you got)
Girl you makin' it hop, it syncopated with pop non stop
This game is silky, I hope you milk me
I'm fiendin', not killin' me 'cause you
Can't touch my vibe, if you jockin' Kenin
I fly in semen, you crying freeman
It feels so well, get chills in Hell Screamin' demon
Before you nut up I want you to shut up
And give it to me face down, butt up
I just die, when I hit it on the flipside

[Chorus: Tech N9ne and Girl]
(Which side?) Flipside
(This side) Ladies so I can dip die
(That's right)
Ain't nothin' thick about the way I like it
The jiggle making me fizzle when you make it, make it wiggle a little
Stay on the flipside
(Which side?) Flipside
(This side) Ladies so I can dip die
(That's right)
This ain't no ballad talkin' about how I'm in love
This is strictly for the strippers in the club, on the flipside

[Bridge: Tech N9ne and Girl]
Can you feel it, baby? (20 to touch my waistline?)
I can heal it, baby (40 to touch, bust and grind)
'Bout to kill it, baby (200 bucks a good time)
I wanna do it baby, stick it baby (Sex on the mind)

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Enough! Girl you drivin' me nuts
You and your homie's hype horny comin' back from peanuts
With hokie-pokie, on the brain and we can keep it low-key
B they hottest when they comin' back from sokey
What up to upholstery, listen closely
Lap dance in the corner, I'm all up on her
Two more Coronas, you leaving with me
'Cause I'm increasing the fee, you leasin' to pee
Hella fat like Jackie, pleasing me
I admire, what you do call girls, the way you dance
And strip, deck down to your tips, beautiful lips
You say that you like it way better from a wild style
Nigga comin' sex-crazed at you on the flipside

[Bridge: Tech N9ne and Girl]
Can you feel it, baby? (20 to touch my waistline?)
I can heal it, baby (40 to touch, bust and grind)
'Bout to kill it, baby (200 bucks a good time)
I wanna do it baby, stick it baby (Sex on the mind)