[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Yates! You can find me and Pop' at the top
And if you faulty we can be at your knot with the chop'
And a lot of haters in my section are squat with the prop
Still I represent my city if they watchin' or not
I'm all over the world, plus all over your girl
Bust all over her curl, must I show her the pearl?
Tech's a straight boss, niggas is way soft
I stay cross when they just marinatin' in Gates sauce
It's the same thang as the world go around
Niggas gangbang, trickin', throwin' dough around
Women change lanes, strippin' to a ho and now
Slow it down, livin' then you end up in the floor and now
But we the same blue or flame, we Americana
Represent the same liquor, same marijuana
Same killer, same living, same crazy drama
Same occupation, same gritter, same baby momma

[Hook]
I put 'em up! I let 'em know!
Scream it out! It's for the MO!
Yo, don't be a bitch, go ahead, represent
Throw it in the air, let these niggas know who they fucking with
Eastside! Westside! Northside! Southside!
I put 'em up! I let 'em know!
Scream it out! It's for the MO!

[Verse 2: The Popper]
Ey, this is KC, we like the rest of y'all
Where the murder rate be higher than cholesterol
I don't play on this mic, I don't be BS'ing y'all
I don't beat around the bush when I'm adressing y'all
I only be me, I don't fake or copycat
Tell me one thing that came out my mouth you heard that's not a fact
Everybody snitchin', hands up is you not a rat

If you're not as phat they're gonna keep their eyes on you
Catch you slippin' then they'll fuck around and ride on you

Like a 45 on you
KC, I love it plus I hate it too
These streets is a jungle, I'm happy that I made it through
Flawless MC on the mic, yeah, I ate a few
Got a universal mouthpiece that y'all relatin' to

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ron Ron]
Kansas City, Missouri is where I'm from
They don't believe it with the bidness then I dare them come
Sound like a snare hit drum, they will air lift some
Then point like, "That boy over there get dumb"
Where is that? (Southside!) Then strip I roam
And you know (Eastside!) Feel just like home
I gotta holla (Northside!) For that boy **
And of course (Westside!) Is where I cut my pie
See, I ride through all the hoods there are
Blood, crip, folk, ese, I'm a hood star
Spit hooks and bars, still cookin' jars
They knew what it really was when I took that charge
(Where I come from) Hood feel just like yours
Got kingpins, rats, d-boys and whores
(And where I come from) Old heads, 50 or better was either
Hittin' that work or they was gettin' that cheddar

[Hook]