[Intro: Krizz Kaliko & Tech N9ne]
The number one independent rapper in the world!
Tech N9ne!
I am what? Fresh out of fucks!

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Fed up with everything, I'm cynical than I ever been
I'll make the Beretta ring if any comin' up at a king
Alluding to leveling a leader livin' a better dream
Kinda like the brother on the side of Coretta King!
But the people, they made me a monster
I need a getaway and may need some Kontra-
Band in my hand I'm goin' crazy and bonkers
Like I'm rich and my baby's Ivanka!
They don't give a damn about a good nigga
They wanna take what you givin' and put you out in the river
Without a particular bout, I give you doubt if you is a
Fallacy giver and nothin' but a salary digger!
I'ma relay the message, you're gonna decay
If karma displays a deathbed, you wanna delay
The drama today that Tech said he gonna repay
The one in the way, I check it wit' a llama to spray!
When I spit it, niggas, quit it, 'cause I come wit' it
Big digits, got 'em livid, when I quick flip it
They don't wanna dig it but the spirit is not authentic
Not a pity party, but I'm fed up with the hatred
And how they wanna spit upon and hit the gentle faces
Not even knowin', we sick and mental cases
I open up they mouth wit' a fully and dental they shit!

[Chorus: Tech N9ne]
I am (what?) fresh out of fucks!
I am (what?) fresh out of fucks!

[Verse 2: Swisher Sleep]
Is it that I'm having a panic attack and I'm tired of fact
That I'm starvin' like Marvin Hagler, heart of a battler fighter
Or get you from out of here, hit you for standin' there
Man in here, mind your manners and manage your mannerisms
Your mouth of a minimal double dribblin'
Stuffed up a Ritalin, got me jitterin'
Got me feeling the pit fighter's adrenaline
Sittin' inside of a cage, prison, shank sharpened and bank targetin' (get 'em!)
Is it that I'm having a panic attack and I'm not gonna have it
Fresh outta fucks and I don't make it a habit
I don't trust anybody the fact
That you not giving a fuck, I practice
I been seein' on you wishing my tactics
Now the blood outta my body, even the water out my cactus
I'll tackle a pterodactyl and shackle 'em and ride on the back of 'em
Slappin' them in the abdomen, hurry the wings flappin'
We flyin' to Strangeland and demandin' a pretty penny
And poppin' on the collar like I'm hidin' the hickey
I am who the suckas pretend to be, get offend of me
They depend on my energy, there's a penalty nigga
Finna be remedied, the epitome of an enemy
In a minute, we cut the noise and become a symphony
Catch a Windom, finally faded, gettin' behind a riddly dynasty
Tecca N9ne and me signin' these twin time to be violently
Murderin' my mind and become reblinded by me
And ignitin' the dynamite and then me Swish!

[Chorus: Tech N9ne]
I am (what?) fresh out of fucks!
I am (what?) fresh out of fucks!

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Bleed ya if you got the funk a milli fever
Nothing but a sucka billy diva
Buckin' really we had enough of the silly negras
Agreed get the heata, bussin' up to really freeze ya
I'm an abomination, when ya on ya hatin'
Kinda conversation, I'ma bomb ya nation
With my congregation of non-sedation
The Don's awakened achin' the spawn of Satan

[Verse 4: Swisher Sleep]
Who called my name in? I go not contemplatin' out dome
My combination ain't norm
I'ma sock a face in the eye socket and break it
His mind pocket is achin'
The time clock is wastin', a pine box is awaitin'
I'm salivatin', they callin' me the killa, killa
There's no feelings, it's sentimental in general
I'ma hammer 'em, hit 'em all in the middle
They feminine, all that bitchin' is not admissible
Zip it or get a kick in the genitals
When I spit it, niggas critic
'Cause every time I come with it
The winner, victor definitive
Pen and pad an opinion, opinionated
A pyramid in the makin' it permanent, here to stay an initiative
Tryna get it and fit it where the position is
Put my life and my money, freedom at risk for this
Give me mine, I don't give a fuck what tradition is
Listen, I'm a diamond, I'm unsigned and I'm killin' shit

[Chorus: Tech N9ne]
I am (what?) fresh out of fucks!
I am (what?) fresh out of fucks!

Biatch!