[Intro]
I've been around the world and I- I- I don't know
(Why people what?) Why people go (to the strip club)
To spend their dough (Just to see butt)
To see these ladies strip and take off all their clothes
(I do not) know why they choose
(Such a spot) I just don't know (why we get hot)
It's probably 'cause they make it hop and twerk the pole
(And their headlights) are sittin' bold
(Makes it look like) it's gettin' cold
(Can I hold you tight?)
Hop on my lap and do that dance, I come to spend
(Ones and huns) on lovely skin (Booty weighs a ton)
Let the game begin ('Cause here I come)
Cha!
Yo, this goes out for all the strip clubs and Montana's putting it down, Bazooka's [?] and yeah, huh, much love for kickin' it with my man Tech N9ne
Yeeaah! Ha ha ha ha, rastafarian [?], cha!
Drops few lyrics? Aight

[Verse 1]
Tecca Nina swoop down like... Space Invaders, boy!
Pull out the piece like... on you haters, boy!
Forget about the haters, I don't wanna talk about 'em
On this right now, I wanna talk about
(That butt, them breasts, yes, yes, one test)
Now sanity stops when the fannie g. drops
Fantasy locked on makin' the canopy rock, panties be hot
When we walk in all vanity pops
In every glam if she's stocked, make her make it frantically hop
(We're all at the tittie bar) VIP!
(And all of the kitties are) sittin' with me
(They're all knowin' who we are)
Tech N9ne, baby, how you doin'?
What you drinkin'? Caribou is what I'm thinkin'
Kansas City, baby (Hey, yo-yo-yo-yo)
We got relish, don't be jealous, that's a (Hey no-no-no-no)
Me and my fellas travelin', lookin' for them who does what?
Make it hop in Houston, Texas, ATL, California, whazzup?!

[Hook]
'Biancs with breasts and big butts (Here I come, baby!)
'Nough to make the big bucks (Here I come, baby!)
151 and Malibu rum and
Pineapple juice in my cup (Here I come, baby!)
Fellas in the front, let me hear you grunt
Fellas in the back, watch that booty clap
Ladies in the middle, let me hear you sizzle
Yell "Tech N9ne is hard as hell!"

[Interlude]
(Would you like a lap dance, baby?)
Ooh, I'd love a dance, baby
But I'd much rather you give it to your homegirl for me
Voyeurism... That's my thang!

[Verse 2]
Catch me on the couch with two stouts mouth-to-mouth
Bounce to the techno festival, see lots of lesbo
Let's go ghetto or heavy metal, we slam dancing
Blair witch raves in the woods up in Cameron!
Rollin' (Diggin' the private schoolers)
St. Theresa's bishop Hogan (Those are the kind that do ya)
Get that cerebella explosion
All of my homies kick it, pockets ain't no punk
Trav, Dyno, Grant, Kutt
Seven, John, George, Monk
(All at the tittie bar) Drinkin' and laughin'
My homie B'zle started this at Bazooka's, booties clappin'
Black, Asian, White, Hatian, Mexican and Italian
Doin' tricks with beer bottles, sexy, mixed, mullato
I'm comin' to get ya drinkin' liquor off in Sweden
Germany, London, back to the ATL
Off in Memphis raisin' hell
With a stack of hundreds kick her that
In Miami in the Benz Aristocrat
Where the strippers at?

[Hook]
'Biancs with breasts and big butts (Here I come, baby!)
'Nough to make the big bucks (Here I come, baby!)
151 and Malibu rum and
Pineapple juice in my cup (Here I come, baby!)
Fellas in the front, let me hear you grunt
Fellas in the back, watch that booty clap
Ladies in the middle, let me hear you sizzle
Yell "Tech N9ne is hard as hell!"

[Verse 3]
What y'all doin' after this?
Scat with this back activist, mack miraculous practices
Blasphemous acts
Hit 'em with a stack that'll distract a bitch
All I wanna do is hit the back of this black abyss
In the cat for the hat for risk
If you really wanna master this
Know it's a whole lotta cash to get
Me and my homeboys will get with your homegirls
And get in our own world
We gotta be ready to get up and go
To the bedroom or up in the bathroom
Givin' me and my homeboys a show
Baby get low
To a Tech N9ne tempo, do you know what you're in for?
Rough sex, much sweat
'Nough flesh, what's next?
Make her say:
Oh la la la la
Give it to me Tech N9ne you're the best time
That I ever had, give it to me papa
Hit the na na na
And oh oh oh oh yeah
I love it when you do me like this Tecca Nina
And I like it when you make it do that
In Kansas City we scan the tittes
And brand sadities we're handsome hippies
Who land some quickies we
Comin' to kick it where you from
Pirates come screamin':
Yo, ho, ho, 151 rum
Bitch!

[Hook]
'Biancs with breasts and big butts (Here I come, baby!)
'Nough to make the big bucks (Here I come, baby!)
151 and Malibu rum and
Pineapple juice in my cup (Here I come, baby!)
Fellas in the front, let me hear you grunt
Fellas in the back, watch that booty clap
Ladies in the middle, let me hear you sizzle
Yell "Tech N9ne is hard as hell!"