[Intro: Tech N9ne]
I might just explode, my mind in sick mode and I can't control my..
...ym esopxe tsuj I dna sworg tihs fo sdnik (llA)

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
What you wanna do? What you looking for?
Wanna start some shit? Boy, here we go
We can do it, on the double
‘Cause I’ve been itching, for some trouble
You gon' get a beat down, ‘cause I got a lot of pain
You don’t want me to clown, ‘cause I’m feeling insane
And I ain’t gonna stop, I ain’t got no brain
I'mma hit you hard, I don’t feel ashamed
I don’t care about shit, but I gotta get dough
And I might just click, put your ass on the floor
‘Cause you a bitch, you a fraud!
I don’t like you, you a broad!
I don’t got success, I don’t got no luck!
But I got my stress, so I need your blood!
I can taste it, on my tongue!
My life is wasted, my anger’s from!
My (Hunger)

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
I might just explode, my mind in sick mode
And I can’t control my (hunger)
In my wicked soul all kinds of shit grows
And I just exposed my (hunger)

[Verse 2: Bishop]
They don’t understand me, probably why they fear me
Mama said to slow down, the drugs is gonna kill me
In the world all alone,Can somebody hear me?
Please don’t knock me out of my zone
I ease my mind when I like to steal it
In the mind of a psycho, middle of the night with a rifle
Put my right hand on the Bible, I will slice you up like Michael
Mic shall pass with the knife yo, I go get, this is so crazy
Homicide the Earth 'til the murder on the rifles
Finna act out when I black out, Jay-Z
Gotta feed my hunger, Mr. Ouiji
Awake me from my slumber, the gates open up and release me
Drawn like a cartoon, niggas get to running
When I’m on tectonics tell the hunter to the hunting
Sharper than the harpoon, running in the short full
Sitting in the dark room, chewing on a stomach
Kill ‘em all, kill ‘em all, quick, jigsaw bitch in Saw type 6
Digit all up, zip it all up, rip it all up
And stuff pieces then I feed it to my pigs
This nigga’s really sick, ain’t really with the shit
She know that I’m a demon, sucking semen on my dick
Smoking on the sticky, got me drifting off a bit
Burn like ether cause my niggas keep it lit

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)

[Verse 3: Brotha Lynch Hung]
And if he don’t like you, then I don’t like you
Might get a bit Ripgut, see, I'm not like you
Shit, I might Tec-9 you, that’s how they find you
In a bathroom all chocked up, I'mma get meat when it’s time to
And I got this problem, meet me, just call it
All you gotta do is say it, and I’m right behind you
And I like that raw shit, bloody up that hard shit
See, I got that, I don’t give a fuck about shit and alcoholism
I spit that cocaine, might be off the cocaine
Making my cigarette in propane, shit, this is no game
My trust is fucked up, so I might get fucked up
Ain't got nobody that got my back, so I just suck it up
I was raised, you fucking joke, you might get tucked up
Bring the body over here, that meat is uncut!
I can taste it, on my tongue!
My life is wasted, my anger’s from!
Fucking with my (Hunger)

[Hook: Tech N9ne] (x2)