[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
The, the, the reason that I'm breathin'
Seeping heat
It gets me cheese, why I'm eaten in Bad Season
Was deep in beef and was needing some beats to release in evenings
Instead of me being up and bleeding with thieves and heathens wit keys and obstacles
Made it possible for the flow go to be profitable
Yo Tech audible, his inaugural prada popped and was plausible
God is so good for giving me music!
Liftin', gettin' me though when I was fixing to lose it
Dudes hit Big Scoob's shit and reppin' the blue tip
Fool's skipped when Scoob scritch, we jumped in the 2 whip
Full clips for who stick the homie for true grip
My crew, thanks to music, we all living through it
Got me out of the ghetto, got me mucho dinero
In Cozumel, Mexico shorts and Jordans and a sombrero
This gift ain't given from a devil, so settle
Come and get this rebel music that's hot as a kettle, pendejo
Saved my life, paid my lights, made my wife, say "Bye Bye"
Gave my nights babes, I like preyed my mic
Would never fade, forever slayed, days I write
My cheddar raised up better, faze way high hyped
My music's one reason I always get to lay my pipe
The reason Tech N9na can comfortably say "Night, night"
Blessed me, with original flow, so Hey! Why bite?
I hear, I feel, I live, listen and learn
I like...

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
(I love music)
Yeah, I love (I love music)
For real (I love music)
And I need (I love music)
To feel (I love music)
Go and play it (I love music)
Yeah, know what I'm saying? (I love music)
My love (I love music)
Know what I'm saying?

[Verse 2: Oobergeek]
Automatic when I do this
Manually, daily, monthly, annually
I get a step closer to being the coolest
Acoustic got me foolin', about to lose it. Ooh, shit
Jump in the grind, and my hom' Mean Mike produced it
That's music pahtna
I'm just a poet with incredible rhythm
Words arranged will let you know he has incredible in him
I don't mean to toot my own horn, but toot toot, ha ha
I laugh because it's easier than do ray mi fa sol la
Ti do, we know he go say what on that C Note
And he can pay a C Note with that B Note
I'm talkin' truth
And I got stories that I show you that it's walkin proof
A thousand miles of it and I can show you what I'm walkin' through
Music ain't a hobby, it's an organ, of my body, that the creator provided back in January of '92
So don't you dare say good music skipped my generation
Your hatin' ain't nothin' but motivation for these compilations
Oob!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Music is my life
The reason why I write
Like Edgar Allen Poe on the beat, like a parasite
You thought a parachute made my flow just fall out the sky
Then you fell apart into a body part no one would buy
Nobody tried my limits cause they're afraid of heights
The ambition, weak or gravity let 'em die
I let you live until a nigga compose a rhyme
Then it's like a Rhino in your ass every time
Time and time again I treat my pen like The Pen
Bars harder than Pelican Bay and I been
Servin' a life sentence since the day I was ten
Nine times outta ten you only ten songs deep before you leap
Into a pool of sharks then swim
That's an analogy on the way I do casualties
And I do this shit casually
Before the verse end, I'll be in the Hall of Fame with my picture framed, friend

[Bridge: Krizz Kaliko]
And if it wasn't for my music, I wouldn't be standing here!
If it wasn't for my music, you wouldn't have nothing to hear, yeah
And I love...

[Hook]

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
Wake up!!!