[Intro]
What's sizzlin'?
Demons, angels,and civilians
Welcome to my purgatory party, baby

They say it ain't nothin' but farms where we from
They think we can't do no one harm where we from
Gorillas and killers and thugs from abyss
Tech N9ne make 'em breathe
Like what? Like this
Kansas City, wake up
Yo, like this

[Verse 1]
One, and then comes the two to the three and four
Two-thousand Tecca Nina is hardcore with a K
See me step up on the track like a thug
Make it pound at Westend then make a dub
To the homies in jail, when you making bail
Time to act an idiot, a lot not just a little bit
Watch when Kansas City hit, Tech N9ne's gonna spit it
You want this record? Cool, go get it
Hot when the flame's lit, Glock where the bane sits
Shock when the pain quits, Pac would've banged this
Instantaneous when I aim at the miscellaneous
Ask me ask-ask why-why I'm the strangest
Because nobody ever wanted me rappin'
But I knew within me I could make it happen
Flippin' hella different to get it crackin'
Never bitin' nothin' I was never jackin'
Millimeter spittin' rippin' up a show
And got the people trippin' everywhere we go
And now we gettin' you to know that misery is comin'
We were summoned now the haters runnin' when we gunnin'
BOW! Yo, you don't know!
That I'm 'bout to blow, K. C. M. O.! Better bang this!
People make their jokes and say we off to see the wizard
Well, me and Dorothy and Toto's on yo ass when you visit!

[Hook]
It's alive! (Aw hell!)
It's alive! (God Dwamn!)
It's alive! (Odd male!)
It's alive! (I am!)
Been in the dark a minute but now I made it through it
This Kansas City I'mma show you how we do it

[Interlude/Outro x2]
We say walla Milli dollar, then break a lot a jaw

[Verse 2]
Who would bust like my style is ruffcut and it's
True hood stuff, bright hot, wild, mystic, plus mannish
Alien nation invasion, black, white and even Asian
Is gazin' at the raised, in misery face ravin', for the crazed haven
Six six triple eight, forty-six, ninety-nine three, we back
Sick with nickel plates, whorey chicks mighty mine be, we pack
Just when you know where I'm gonna be, I vanish
Step into my brain, got it so dark that you can't see, Goddammit
Your flows come in, your flows go out
My flows eternally comin' out your mouth
Your makers in, some haters doubt, and yes it's pitiful, not even my pinnacle
Better know when I bust, I can do it everyday with a mind full of lust
If you really must, get with a N9ne millimeter gun then trust
You'll get left in the dust, everybody better move
When I groove I'mma hit 'em with a bus
Anybody with a bigger mouth up in here better hush

[Hook - Tech N9ne]
It's alive! (Aw hell!)
It's alive! (God Dwamn!)
It's alive! (Odd male!)
It's alive! (I am!)
Been in the dark a minute but now I made it through it
This Kansas City I'mma show you how we do it

[Interlude/Outro x2]
We say walla Milli dollar then break a lot a jaw

[Bridge]
Stop that!
Kansas City, that's where I really wanna be
Grime and gritty, back up when I throw that V
Up in the air, that's five seven R D V
And you know nare, that'll represent like me

[Verse 3 - Tech N9ne]
Yo we did it Kansas City, yo we did it, like Biggie say
Much love my left mind said that Tech N9ne is Iggy J
You can find me off in Kansas City on Saturday at Maniax
Or at the Motel 6 laying up with two chicks the Lenny and Squiggy way
Or jack, tripper I'm Tech the rap
Ripper on Cognac, liquor I'm Tech the gat
Clicker I'm up on that, thicker than water track a whipper snap
Who's tryin' to bring Tony Kennedy, Del Shawn and Chipper back
Signin' off, rhymin' off, the wall constantly
Timin' off, never that, clever raps the comp can't be
Creepin', seepin' through the crevices and hella beefin'
Thinkin' they can stop the heart of Kansas City
But the heart of Kansas City is beatin'

[Hook x2]
It's alive! (Aw hell!)
It's alive! (God Dwamn!)
It's alive! (Odd male!)
It's alive! (I am!)
Been in the dark a minute but now I made it through it
This Kansas City I'mma show you how we do it

[Interlude/Outro x4]
We say walla Milli dollar then break a lot of jaw