[Intro: Tech N9ne]
This song's the definition of turned up!
The dance floor's about to be burned up!
Laughin' on 'em with [Craig Smith:] Mr. Smith
Kutty Cal let 'em have it man

[Verse 1: Kutt Calhoun]
I felt that is was very, completely necessary
For me to get to addressing these niggas in a hurry
They woofing like they scary, but they pussier than fairies
But they sweeter than Ben & Jerry's, I'd hate to bust your cherry
But I don't really carey, my ego's in the airy
So if you feeling lucky, step to me and I will bury
You in the cemetary, for thinking that you're sharing
Existence with a real nigga you should all be wary
I'm touring like the Beatles, winning everywhere that we go
There's a woman in every state that will suck on my libido
The hood is all my peoples, so I'm never incognito
I got money, I got hoes like as tall as a cathedral
You think I'm blowing smokey, you niggas would of told me
If you knew another redder representer from the "show me"
KC is my dominion, and this is my opinion
I don't need a clarification listen to what come in it go

[Hook]
Money, naked women, HOES!
Crilla's full of CLOTHES!
Laughing on 'em like
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
We got Phantoms, Bentleys, Maybachs, Rolls
They that SLOW!
We be laughing on 'em like
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha

[Verse 2: Craig Smith]
Mr. Smith!
KC know I'm, Dragonball Gohan
Ain't a sucka but haters could blow on, trees
Oh I'm, so pleased, ladies say I'm so fine
Got a religion with me like the Q'uran
Call me Moses, I'm laying the law
Ten ways you could look like money, I look like 'em all
Style is infectious, y'all better protect ya hearts
I'm coming at your chest like a necklace
Is it the images in my inner eye
Or is it the truth, I'm sitting high nigga in the sky
In a minute I'll, be on another planet
You wish a nigga would, wish granted
Your choice wanna ride with a fly boy?
Or die, get your mind right or get a job boy
Go apply at the mall, Footlocker
And If I ain't got it I'ma get it, Waka Flocka

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kutt Calhoun]
So there you have it my niggas, a special delivery
Ge-get slapped silly and the rest is a memory
Best in the middle be, par-par-partying all off the time
With some Sprite and le-mon in my Hennessy
Looking at you [?] feeling inglorious
We warriors why in the world would you war at us?
Laughing at you little doolittle faggots who can't even stomach us throwing up
Why think about showing up?
To the majors when your talent is minor, now think about it
Payless verses fitted designer, forget about it
This is just a reminder, I've been about it
I eat beef and I'ma style when I'm In-N-Out it, HA
Now you knowing exactly how we do's it
Don't confuse it, courtesy of Strange Music, HA
Pimpin' all of my party people to the new shit
Kutt Calhoun and Craig Smith live exclusive

[Hook]