[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Where I'm at right now..
I ain't got no tolerance for something stupid
Or hatred, or envy, if you bringing any one of those
How 'bout, leave me alone

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
They pray I'll free fall any day
Well I don't need y'all anyway
Negativity give me nay, you finna hear me say
Just leave me right here with my Henny, save my chicks and plenty pay
Your boy Tech done blown, an still rep the home
But now I just wanna be left alone
They wish death and my flesh and my chromosomes
Slept my songs, they need a little bit less Patron
And they holler, the weirdo! When I walk in the spot
The zeros pissed 'cause they ladies wanna swallow my gyro
They live in squalor and fear though
They daughter come here though, she know I keep plenty Robert De Niro
You punks'll never get to see me let a tear go
Started hatin' the second I busted a mere flow!
I just want you to get some gones, not near no
Negative energy that is a remedy, aiyyo listen here bro

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Stay away from me, please stay far away from me
Leave me by my lonely, just let me be
Stay away from me, please stay far away from me
Leave me by my lonely, just leave me alone!

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
The hood don't play me huh?
Treat my Strange Music like rabies, huh?
They be saying Tech Nina, he crazy huh?
But you want me on your video and CD
You elementary rappers are straight remedial - A.D.D
I'm in my own world partner, and you don't fit there
All your Tech hatred has got you sounding like a bitch, playa
And this is to multiple haters and I swear it
Ain't about a pass homie, but if the shoe fit wear it nigga
It's a size N9ne, wanna step inside mine?
It'll feel like you died trying and you will know that I can't buy time
For you to catch Casper it's high time
You tried crimes against me 'cause you couldn't follow the guidelines
They say respect yo' elders! You best go tell the Lord
Forgive you 'cause what's next - your failure!
Just leave me where it's less your hell, brah
Invest your mail to something that sell
'Cause the Tech don't smell ya, Tech gon' tell ya

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Stay away from me, please stay far away from me
Leave me by my lonely, just let me be
Stay away from me, please stay far away from me
Leave me by my lonely, just leave me alone!

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
Leave me singular, numero uno, ichiban
They want my doom and my funeral, psycho bitch be gone!
Losing my lithium quickly this chick done hit me don
And bit me on my finger, tell Trav to get me bond
'Cause if it happens again! If it happens AGAIN!!
I'ma - FFF- uh... boy!
I wish I had no problem with smacking a friend
With a gat for snapping a chin
But I got chicks that wanna get it in, fo' sure
I'm taking all the crazy hoes outta my lady mode
I'm done with the oldies, nothing but new shit in my radio
Leave me solitary 'cause the way she go is shady though
It's later for their ego, no more Tech N9ne, let the baby know
All of you need to try clit, and straight deny dick!
Leave us alone 'cause you're mentally damaged, no try sick
I wish I wasn't a star and the gentleman would die quick
So next time you tripping, I'll flip and hit you in yo' eyes, bitch!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Stay away from me, please stay far away from me
Leave me by my lonely, just let me be
Stay away from me, please stay far away from me
Leave me by my lonely, just leave me alone!