[Intro: Krizz Kaliko & Tech N9ne]
[K] Alright, party night tonight, alright you, come on in
You're good, skinny jeans, come on in, tight shirt, come on in
Ah, that new rock 'n roll gay look, yeah, you're cool, come on in
[T] What's up, man?
[K] Hey, man, you can't get in here, boy
[T] What's wrong with me, man?
[K] Well, can't you read the sign, boy?
[T] No French braids, no dread locks, no gold teeth, gold teeth-
Aw, you don't want no black folks in here, huh?
[K] Can't you read the sign? It says Power and White, I-I mean Power and Light District
[T] Look here, man
How much it gonna take to turn this all white club, into a nigga club?
[K] What!?

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
Let me in the door
If you say you hear me knockin' what you standin' there for?
Who I gotta kill or sleep with? Cause I'm the world's best kept secret
Let me in the door
If you say you hear me knockin' what you standin' there for?
Cause I'm the one that do that music, you feel but you still refuse this
Let me in the door

[Verse 1: Ca$h Image]
Right now 'fore my goons have to tear it down
We don't wait in line and we don't stand around
We in clubs and we draggin', actin' brand new
Actin like he never seen my face and I ain't got loot
They know I'm Ca$h Image and I'm with Tech N9ne
And 'fore the club close the owner gon' respect mine
We spend a lot of money and that's the bottom line
Ten cars on chrome plus the neck shine
Baggy jeans on and J's worth a lot of bucks
And you ain't gotta know me, you can tell my dollars up
Poppin' collars in the club, turn the bottles up
And all the models in the club wanna follow us
It's Mr. Chevy man, you hear my song playin'
And every time we in the club we be spending grands
First deny Tech (What!?), then deny me (What!?)
And I was number 1 on 103 for 40 weeks

[Hook]

[Verse 2: D-Locc Da Chop]
You say you hear me knockin', so why you don't wanna let me in?
But I ain't buggin' so tell the cops to come and get me then
Complain about my shoes ain't really talking bout shit
Dude, I spent like 350 on this outfit
NV ain't gon' let me in seein' as he actin' funny with me
What it gonna cost me, homie? I brought a little money with me
I don't wear tight shirts, my pants kinda baggy
KC hat tilted so now they wanna red flag me
I buy the bar every time, point blank period
The doorman hatin', takin' his job too serious
Me, Ca$h Image, Tech and Kaliko
About big business so what I'm talking to a bouncer for?
The women see me scream my name like the announcer spoke
They actin' brand new this week so I'm about to go
To the block and bubble and get plenty cake
I just wanted women and I don't like this club anyway
So fuck y'all!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
I get money from music and I like to spend-spend
When I hit the town I know they're gonna let me ins in
But these other clubs be trippin' like I begin sin
You hear me knockin'? (Aw yeah!) Well, let me in then!
Cause NV ain't so friendly, they got a gay assembly
Of femmes who think the blacks be packin' semis
(That's why they don't sell no Henny)
Stink butts who think bucks
But they don't know my bank account is like a Brink's truck!
Could buy it any day, 2.1 on a new building and lease
Some at The N9ne has plenty say
The rhymin' get me paid so I resign cause NVA
And plus NV stands for no vaginas anyway
They place me and Lil' Weezy, we give no love
That's why when I brought Chingy in there and he peed in your club
Not in the toilet either (No!), you don't enjoy the beaver (No!)
You'd rather plot on how to give a lil' your boy the peter
America's clubbin' phase two, I erase you
My pants are too baggy even though I'm clean and I'm paid too
Orlando south races they treated me cold
And Lucky Strike in Power and Light won't let the Nina in to bowl
Whoa, guess my Dickies the wrong clothes
Play my music but won't let me and my homies through the doors
Over one million records sold, lots of money to fold
They should let me in any club in (KC, MO!)
And I'm the biggest tipper, bartenders know me well
And waitresses love me so club owners: (Go to hell!)
You got that blow to sell, but you want this bro to fail
When it really ain't me cause it is your destiny to go to jail
And when you be serving you might see work
On Club Nina when you walk up you might be hurt
You might skee skirt, cause you ain't getting in if you ain't got a
(KC hat and a white t-shirt, ey!)

[Hook]

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
Only reason I even go to the club is so I can listen to some loud music and drink, holler at a bianc
My neighbors be mad at me cause I be shakin' the whole block with my system
So that's why I go to the club
I gotta work at the club, take pictures and sign autographs, yadada mean?
I don't need to be in your club for real
And club dollars say that I owe them 70 dollars
I paid 125 dollars to get in
Why you trippin I just wanted to drink
So if 70 dollars is owed that means some cats were there after I left
Ya know what I mean ha ha put it on my tab
I don't owe nobody shit