[Intro: Tech N9ne]
I'm just gon' spit some shit
I wanted somebody else to do the hook, but I ain't got nobody here
So I'm gonna do it

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
Losing my mind, yes I'm
Using my 9 this time
Or should I decline and press rewind?
Losing my mind, yes I'm
Using my 9 this time
Or should I decline and press rewind?

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Ever since November hit, I can't remember shit
Unless I was in your chick when I picked her, she was a limber bitch
She say I sent her quick and treated her as cold as Denver get
That wimper shit's for simpers, don't enter this cause I'm winter, trick
And I like my hoes cold, young, dumb, lungs done
Now she's an old soul, ate her like Lambert's throwed rolls
Shorty come and shorties go, this skinny chick orgy blows
Horny bro, looking for a thicky, hunt her down like Laurie Strode
I'm plum stark buck naked in my white socks
Might pop my top and hype the block when the light stops
Just call me cyclops, I see what others might not
The white cops are on me, oh, man, we’re in a tight spot
It's ironic though I’m bad, yep my mama grow the lad
Who rob the Conoco for cash up in Monaco
I’m half native got a relative named Jeroni-ho
And this persona's "Fuck the drama, only honor dough"
I know who died plus and who did it
Kansas City Cyrus, can you dig it?
Cut off your arm and fan you with it
Some listen to me and say “Damn, you wicked”

[Hook]
Losing my mind, yes I’m
Using my 9 this time
Or should I decline and press rewind?
Losing my mind, yes I’m
Using my 9 this time
Or should I decline and press rewind?

[Outro]
Yates! Strange Music, and the fans
Made Tech N9ne, the number one
Independent rapper in the motherfucking world!
Much love
To DJ Whoo Kid and XXL
For gettin' on this Bad Season
A gift from me to you, yeah
And if you don't know about Tech N9ne, now you know
All these motherfuckers can't be wrong
You feel me? We all over the world doing this baby
Sellin' out shows everywhere in the U.S. and overseas
Doing all the festivals and everything
And if you ain't up on it you need to get up on it
How the fuck I won a MTV award last year
You know what I'm sizzlin' I ain't really on MTV
The people speak! It's all about that
This is independent dollars baby Strange, Music
Representin', Tech N9ne and Travis O'Guin baby
'Bout to take over the world, act like you know baby
What I'm 'bout to do right now I'm 'bout to give you two songs
I'm 'bout to give you one of my album Anghellic called "This Ring"
That started a lot of the Tech N9ne hoopla
Then I'm 'bout to take you to my album Everready, and give you "The Rain"
Enjoy this baby this is from me, to you
I love you, Tech N9ne!