[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Rrrrrrr... Hey... You...
What we gonna do?
Suit up, boot up, let's go!

[Hook: Tyler Lyon]
Make way
I'm coming through you (I'm coming through you)
There's nothing you can do (you can do!)
It's my day, make waves
We crash into you (crash into you)
Your end is coming soon (coming soon!)
I'm your bass, so make waves

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Yeah, ain't nobody ever seen a beast
I'm a catch a career but it's been the least
Follow was a very little, I mean petite
I'ma pull the carpet from under you
How it even started ya wonder who
I'ma show ya what rain and thunder do
Hope ya really ready when they come for you
Not a human or alien on the planet that can do it like I do it
You put a mountain in front of me I go through it
I pursue it, danger
Never stoppin' the mangler
N9na tough with them wranglers
Give me lip I'ma bang ya
Never benevolent, you wasn't ever the relevant
You thinkin' you 'bout to be but you are outta ya element
Bringin' the hella win then came back in hella mint
Condition, noticing my new wicked development
Never let up, ya never get up
It'll never be another competitor better than us
I been on it, ya runnin' late the way Letterman does
You thinkin' you reaching' a level that's clever than what?
I'ma gain it, you don't get the picture then I'ma paint it
With pain I came insane, the N9na language
Thinkin' you gonna be up when I have to bring this anguish
Ain't no question - I am truly the strangest!
I gotta shake it up for a minute
Tecca N9na get the greater percentage
And when I enter whatever I gotta win it
Try to get me in the corner - ya finished
A lotta people defeated when I diminish
When I hit you'll need a hell of a dentist
I got the punch and the power that's intricate
Got you thinkin' "How did you get off into this?"

[Hook: Tyler Lyon]
Make way
I'm coming through you (I'm coming through you)
There's nothing you can do (you can do!)
It's my day, make waves
We crash into you (crash into you)
Your end is coming soon (coming soon!)
I'm your bass, so make waves

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
If life's a beach can we go surfing?
It never been easy for me besides the birthing
And people they eat, the words I'm serving
Then we can all feast, on what we think is deserving
I'm a heart-breaker, wave-maker
And I'ma take a leap nothin' round the Kali baby
Been a ball-breaker, gate-maker
And I can stop and out ya mouth if ya gettin' lazy
I'm a typhoon tsunami, any whatever what just to get the salami
Try to be quick or we're quick to get ya behind me
I could belligerent nuttin', nothin' could calm me
I'ma take the wheel, bust ya grill
If it's an emergency bust a seal
You can see me make the mill, yes I will
'Cause I got the skill to kill plus the will
Put ya lights out, the fight's out
The mic is my knife and device and ya iced out
Pull my windpipe out, that or the thing of a singer
I'ma rip it though they might shout
'Cause I'm a sore loser
If I'm defeated and heated, better be headed right for the door
And I'm a born bruiser
When ya get beated and seated, then I'll be ready to give you more
I can keep goin' and never stop
Easy as breathin' to me and if you don't believe me
Pay me attention until I pop
Eager to eat 'em and never need a reason whether
You better pick em up when they drop
Singin' I'm leavin' the speed is unbelievable
That you better never give them a shot
I don't know how to behave, just know how to (make waves)

[Hook: Tyler Lyon]
Make way
I'm coming through you (I'm coming through you)
There's nothing you can do (you can do!)
It's my day, make waves
We crash into you (crash into you)
Your end is coming soon (coming soon!)
I'm your bass, so make waves

[Verse 3: Rittz]
Yeah, you seen me make waves when I became Strange
And dominated but you ain't never gave praise
You be talkin' shit on Instagram inside a safe place
When I see you and confront you then you try to save face
And vacate, okay kid, I'm about to go grade A
There's no name sake but won't gain fans
They got my name and nuts hangin' so low they scrape
I'm still hungry, it's like I'm stuck in the '08 state of mind
My mind is so space aged, and don’t get it
Told critics, go stick it, don’t get yo dome split
Yo whole shit’ll look like Riddick Bowe hit it
Oh shit his bone's stickin' out, I think it's broken
Now go freakin' dial 911, homie I run run
My city we don't play that kiddie shit where I come from
You high dum dum? You really think you fight on one?
You wanna take my Strange chain and my nine gun drum?
A future icon son, you just a ho ass bitch
You go ass kiss anybody to blow as if
You try to be somethin' you're not my shit is dope as is
You got some dope ad-libs and that's it
Your shit is so average, we ain't similar, homie check ya temperature
You fuck with me and you will need a medical examiner
Put hands on rappers ramblin', put handles on ya manager
They said I'm from Atlanta, damn it I am not from Canada
I came in the game and I represented
Jonny Valiant in this bitch, there's no mystery
They'll be killin' it, keepin' it independent
Tecca N9na is the leader
You need me to jack a hater then say no more, I'ma get 'em (bitch)
With Kali Baby they be crazy
To try me, they just admire the style that I invented
My sophomore album 'bout to come out any minute
I'm about to make waves
Yuh-uh-yeah, motherfucker