[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Tech N9ne, baby
Big Stone, baby
Fly Moves, baby
'Bout to do it like this, c'mon!

[Stevie Stone]
Bitch, you better bow down, we on call (Yeah!)
Got the beat bangin' and bangin' the most wild (Yeah!)
I got Tecca Ninna gettin through the plow (Yeah!)
Said I’m a dawg (Yeah!), yeah I'm a dawg (Yeah! Huh!)

[Hook: Stevie Stone & Tech N9ne]
Midwest Midwest (Yesss!)
Head get ta bobbin' when you’re rocking with the best (with the best)
Midwest Midwest (Yesss!)
Spread to the east, north, south and the west (and the rest)
Midwest explosion ('splosion)[x2]
Midwest explosion
Born in the middle where them haters can’t hold 'em

[Verse 1: Stevie Stone]
Said I explode, I'm hungry, I'm on top
Get them a little quickness
When I’m ripping I’m giving the game lock
Can I get a witness?
I'm equipped with a gift, I’m away on top
Take a picture nigga (rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin')
Give me some room, I’m in tune
I got groove, I bloom if you're from January to June
I’m a beast, sayin' none of the least (The least!)
With Tecca Ninna riding with me, lotta hatin ceased (Ahaah!)
They got me on my leash
(Huh!) I’m about the clown, it's goin' down
I'mma blow up the town, I’m in and out, just lay it down (Aaahaaah!)
I'm a dumb rhyme Himmi scrape my nouns and pronouns
God Dammit so panic, I'm a little child but I'm so loud! (So loud!)
You don't really wanna come round here and flex with them niggas
It’s Stevie Stone, Tecca Nina put a hex on ya nigga (uh huuuuh!)
Best believe it, I got that potion (that potion)
Ya hear me on ya airwaves, causing some commotion!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
Tecca Ninna the cleaner, bus' it like none other can (cha!)
"Mizery" niggas countrier than banjo and Sullivan (cha!)
Salt-n-Pepa beezys they see me and scream "Whatta Man!"
Never love her but I cut her, she stutter like du-dudda man?(cha!)
Hang loose and gritted (cha!)
(Robotic:) Strange Music did it! (cha!)
Bang through the shitted
With that Strange Music fitted
Gangs swang to the critics (cha!)
'Mane when you get it
It’s gone 'cause Ninna and Stone done shamed you and spitted
I'm nasty (cha!). Wacky, sex in the back of the tour bus
Saucy, bossy, ice and cognac in a Coors cup (cha!)
Bianc's on my back 'cause I'm stacking E. Pluribus
Juicy, won't open her mouth with me baby sure sucks! (cha! cha!)
(yeah!) And if they beefin' it’s never me (cha!)
But I neve wanna get up in a face of a killer 'cause y'all know my pedigree (cha!)
I bus' for they puss and don’t call me cousin, better let it be (cha!)
You can find Stone, Tech N9ne along I-70, Midwest nigga! (cha!)

[Hook]

[Outro]
Midwest Explosion ('splosion) [x5]