[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Ey, I need 5 caibou lou's baby
That's 151, malibu rum, pineapple juice
(Nine N9ne 2 thou shit)
Ey, lemme get a super dew
That's mountain dew, vodka

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
I got a 100 saying you can't rock a crowd like me
I got you most saying you wish that you was down with me
How much you bet tonight your pictures coming home with me
And Clout N-i-n-e, nigga fuck it better g
Clout Nine with the 9 millimeter for the N9ne Nine and 2 thou with the heater niggas bow down and to the ground when he see a pound fo pound clown you wanna be a
Player with a swolen swolen
Pockets from the block got the hot spot when I just drop making ass hot nigga we the coldest holdin' this bitches sanitary
After poppin' dorosets remy and cranberry
Mushroom tripping got me kissing bitches in the mouth
Like 60 hippies club prickies dick stickin' out
In the bathroom, hoes walking in straight yellin' "My turn!"
And it don't seem logical, that they all wanna have eye sperm
Swimming up their vaginal can't afford to have nobodys pie germs [?]
So I steps on nigga pie burn [?]
Me and Clout keeps 'em out of the park
See what they [?] of the dark, drinking shit
Bad for the heart, glad when I spark
I drink it all cause y'all some bullshitters
Ah-Ba-Dee-Ah-Ba-Dee-Ah, that's all niggas, I love liquor

[Hook: Tech N9ne]
You getting (F-U-C-K-E-D-U-P)
Malibu, 151, pineapple juice (D-P, F-U-C-K-E-D-U-P)
Vega blood, sticky shit, honey seal (We glee)
Doin' in the oochie coochie all night
Doin' in the oochie coochie all day
Doin' the oochie coochie I don't care if you's a groupie we gon' do the oochie coochie anyway

[Verse 2: Clout Nine]
I want hoes bouncin' ass and poppin' camelfoot
I'm fucked up and ready to fuck this shit is off the hook
But sheezy heezy got me twisted I'm of off lime twister
Doin' the oochie coochie gettin' heezy leez but I won't miss ya
[?] to the next hoe, sippin' Remy VSOP my state of mind is suckerfree bitch nigga lost a g
F-U-C-K-E-D you be fucked up off some Hennessy
Honey seal icky sticky got me by the knees
Gotta stack my g's, attracted, top notch fleece
Eight hunnid off e and b's, keep my mind at ease
Hoes come out thier clothes, show love in the club
I be in the back sippin' 'gnac me and Tech N9ne gettin' fucked up
Bout' to upchuck, drunk as a skunk but live stuff
And you can press your luck, bet 50 on bitches gettin' fucked
And 50 mo' then she sucks some dick and lick some butt
And 50 mo' then she peel the rubber and swallow nut
Imma young [?] blind you with the dollars
And uh, liqour sick nigga that only smoke the finest
Rewind this, I you feel like you ain't fucked up yet and let Clout and Tech N9ne and hell off in your chest

[Hook: Tech N9ne & Clout Nine]
You getting (F-U-C-K-E-D-U-P)
Erk and jerk, [?], lime twist, Hennessy (F-U-C-K-E-D-U-P)
Back once in the [?] rap tight (We glee)
Doin' in the oochie coochie all night
Doin' in the oochie coochie all day
Doin' the oochie coochie I don't care if you's a groupie we gon' do the oochie coochie anyway

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
I see bitches all around
Bust a ass, Mitchell Bades tryna' clown
Big faces at the bar lay down
[?] 151 rum [?]
I see nothing but, big asses and nice titties pretty kitties
Ready to pound right down round Kansas City
Made your cuties, blaze the hooties
I want you to, wave your booties, shave your coochie
At the spot hella hot, bump a Glock through your clothes baby
I can see the knot in your crotch
Nina be sticking the top notch
In my bed sexually playing some hopscotch
I don't want your soul tonight
I just want some hoes tonight
Like the way I hold the night?
Come about you're closer right?
Kneel down on your knees
Would you please like you at the pool pit
Hands around and hit it hard back and forth, looking like a [?] shit

[Verse 4: Clout Nine]
Say bitch, can I hit?