[Verse 1: Joey Cool]
Anybody in the place?
I really need to ventilate
Can anybody hear me now?
I feel like I'm in outer space
I feel like I've been over-thinkin'
Feel like I been over-drinkin'
Man, I'm over bein' single
Man, I'm over minglin'
Don't nobody care about love
Sick and tired of bein' in a club, everybody tryin' to run
Tryin' to be the man, tryin' to run shit
But most of ya'll just end up on some dumb shit
Bump this loud when we wanna prove somethin'
Coolie out there kickin' it at every single function
Gang, Bangarang, lil' nigga got gumption
Cigarette smokin', heavy alcohol consumption
Bring it to me then if a nigga want somethin'
Give me 'bout a year, and I won't owe nobody nothin'
Matter o' fact, I'll get it, finna speak, end of discussion
Coolie in the building
Double, triple homicide shit when I killed them
God-given talent, so it's God that has willed them
Let a nigga live, I don't care if he don't feel them
But you gon' give me my respect here
Everybody pointin' to who next here
I don't wanna talk about it next year
Ya'll gon' wanna place a fucking bet here
(Yeah!)

[Verse 2: JL]
I've been gettin' super high
Medication utilize
Try'na shuffle through the lies
Nothing had me too surprised
Tryin' to connect the dots
Rollin', smokin', taking shots
I can not control my thoughts
Prayin, hope it stops
Do these people love you like they say they do?
Any sign of weakness and they label you
But now I feel unbreakable
Hate I gravitate to what's available, you stay or learn my way, it's situational
Bitch!
But why the fuck you think I'm 'bout to play with you
Unstable, the wait has made me pain, and made me relate-able
The break-up was in the way of wakin' up, I wasn't able to
Could've been fatal, too emotional, one mistake or two
Could've made me blow and go touch a hoe like a plate of food
I'm no longer telling my homies "Hold up and wait a few"
Momma grew hostile, tossin' rosé over a plate of food
And we all eatin'
Have a ball with yall, crampin'', my jaw cheesin'
Threw us over, we all bustin', we all squeezin'
I'm on a no off button, no off season
Balls deep, my lost sleep was lost even
Lift off, lift yall drink, it  all syncin'
It's legit, everybody know that we can spit
I just hope somebody give a shit
Nigga!

[Hook: Joey Cool]
Tell me, is there anybody out there?
Tell me, is there anybody feeling me?
I don't know what's real
Dammit, everybody so ill
They don't want me climbing to the top
They don't wanna know what's real
But I gotta problem sittin' still
Ain't no fuckin' where I'm finna chill
Nigga
Tell me, is there anybody out there?
Tell me, is there anybody feeling me?
I don't know what's real
Dammit, everybody so ill
They don't want me climbing to the top
They don't wanna know what's real
But I gotta problem sittin' still
Ain't no fuckin' where I'm finna chill
Is there anybody out there?

[Verse 3: Ubiquitous]
When the fuck will all these rappers learn?
Family first, is that absurd?
Nothing sacred had you heard
Motherfucka say the magic word
I can't entertain it
Lookin' for love, and now you lookin' for someone famous
I been to where you couldn't care what my fucking name is
Switch it and bait it, boy, I bet these bitches would take it
Tellin' your friends, and now your friends are saying we're dated
Lucky for them, I'm never saying nothing, I'm faded
Put it in public, let me put you up on the latest
I know a lot of ladies and they be swallowing babies
They let you test drive the labia like Mercedes'
Going down like a two dolla whore for a dolla-eighty
Calling me crazy names and un-follow my page, we live in a hater age
Where everybody lie, bitches be playing games, pickin' over your posts
Bitches on layaway
Be careful where you sticking your dick on the day-to-day
Cause ya'll don't ever know what they mix in the mayonnaise
That's why we pray
Elephant in the room, anything but the AIDS
They sell it in the streets
It's elementary to me, the element of surprise have you celebate as a priest
Take 'em to church, see me preaching the word
All these hoes are offended and I ain't even concerned
They lied to me and I learned
Breath the air in and clear it
A tree falls in the forest with nobody there to hear it
Why would I ever fear it?

[Verse 4: Godemis]
Everybody gather 'round
Father-fuck the underground
Using every verb and noun
Did I need'a write this down?
I don't give a runny fuck, I live it up until I'm dead
Dyin' in my sleep, so my coffin doubles as a bed
Why they competin? See we eatin' yeah we gettin' fed
Going heavy metal with the chair and level in the red
Swear to God I thought all of you's an onomatopoeia
Life is a bitch, and the word is she got gonorrhea
I don't need an enemy, pretendin' to be into me
Got everybody huddled 'round the table like it's D and D
U-B-I the penance-y, we don't see the E-N-T
Coming short of what mom and pop had wanted me to be, dee, dee, dee, dee
Didn't wanna try to rhyme with me to beat
Fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, dedicating this to Sean P
You're gonna need an army, try'na battle scar me
We've been playing father-fuckers every since Atari
How the hell you plan on revvin' up without a car key?
If that's the situation, you ain't ever gonna starve me
Now hardy, you Barbie, who are we's irrelevant
Couldn't overstay 'em with the zombie's intelligence
Hard as the metal gets, scarred for the hell of it
I'll admit I hit skins just for the smell I get
I'm feeling cozy with my back to the wall
Would it be nothing but luck if I happen to ball
No way to even Q&A, what happened to ya'll?
I'm the same dude, but I practice natural law
Eat a dick, motherfucker

[Hook: Joey Cool]
Tell me, is there anybody out there?
Tell me, is there anybody feeling me?
I don't know what's real
Dammit, everybody so ill
They don't want me climbing to the top
They don't wanna know what's real
But I gotta problem sittin' still
Ain't no fuckin' where I'm finna chill
Nigga
Tell me, is there anybody out there?
Tell me, is there anybody feeling me?
I don't know what's real
Dammit, everybody so ill
They don't want me climbing to the top
They don't wanna know what's real
But I gotta problem sittin' still
Ain't no fuckin' where I'm finna chill
Is there anybody out there?

[Verse 5: Tech N9ne]
Everything is working fine
Only when on music time
Did I do too many crimes
When I was a younger N9ne?
Never is enough for niggas
Especially when you are the giver staring at my trigger
Thinkin' something menacing, get away from this crazy life and the sin it brings
Heart is heavy, hell is having it hemorrhaging
This type of feeling lately had been a thing, end the King
Family don't want me, they just want me to not have anything
Take all of my money
Take my livelihood from me
Lettin' other people run me, now I'm the motherfucking dummy
Years of money depleted
Guess I'm just supposed to eat it
IRS already took it, so why would ya'll go repeat it
But I'm the one getting hated on, I don't get so many bro
When I'm givin' everything, and they never spend a penny fo'
Nothin' my son had said his mom has got schizophrenia
Just like my momma, all this drama with a pistol, give me a...
Break, motherfucker!
I ache, motherfucker!
Cause ain't too many fucking with Aaron Yates, motherfucker
Awakin' November 8th to some hate for the brother
Here to make sure that everybody ate, motherfucker
Dying a lonely geezer
May I please leave, make my seized money retrievers
Angel, but treated like Ebeneezer
Mama's sickness, it freed her
Now my younger daughter is having seizures
Is anybody out there?!