[Intro]
I want you to quit
Callin' me, callin' me
Followin' me, followin' me
Why do you trip with me
After you get through swallowin' me
Never knew this Bianca would explode (like this)
Now that I know this I must reload (gat clips)

[Verse 1]
How many ever met a psycho bitch?
Down for the minute but a major twist
Came with a bit of game
Met that bitch sickness
Everybody peep the evil symptoms so you'll know
When sexual activity happens and tears start to flow, it's time to go
They come with a big package in back, chest is twice that
But the fatal attraction would only get you ice packs
Better watch what you do when you sleep
With a woman that's on the edge in yo bed
'Cause you'll be restin' in red (killa killa)
They'll find the number through your residence
Non-hesitant, unprecedented
Ain't no mystery to her steez, she's demented
Ain't ever gonna get myself in another mix-up with a psycho bitch
Millimeter with a master plan, so you won't be off in the ditch (like this)
Wild child
Runnin wild, behind the smile is a frown
That'll make ya lay it down, quickly, she shifty
Killa strictly, out to come and get me
From a rose, to .357/.360
Psycho bitch!

[Hook]
Never ever do it down low with a (psycho bitch)
Better never ever go out with a (psycho bitch)
Everybody better learn to see a (psycho bitch)
'Cause your bitch might be her (yeah yeah yeah!)
Whatchu gonna do when they pop at you Glock at you
Fill 'em with the venom who the fuck are we talking to?
(Psycho bitches, psycho bitches)
Whatchu gonna do when they pop at you Glock at you
Fill 'em with the venom who the fuck are we talking to?
(Psycho bitches, psycho bitches)

[Brigde]
I was holdin' her, huggin' her
Rubbin' her, suckin' her
Kissin' her, pluggin' her
But she thought that I was lovin' her

[Verse 2]
All the lovin' was gone when she found out she was wrong
Callin' my momma's house at 3 AM (Quit playin' on my phone!)
They say the Psycho Bitch was made from us (Psycho bitches)
Some say they get nathan but hate from us (Psycho bitches)
From the Anghellic, you ravenous (Psycho bitches)
So stay the fuck away from us (Psycho bitches, Psycho bitches)
She got my gas cut off, but I don't know how
She got my phone cut off, but I don't know how
Bitch even got my lights cut off, but I don't know how
Wish I knew back then, what a nigga know now (Crazy bitch!)
Follow me to my main thangs domain
This dame brings mo' pain
Door chain broke after the door rang
Must be on cocaine
Insane 'ianks, will mess up yo thang
No brain bitches will have you stressin' using Rogaine
Didn't chill wit' her, deal wit' her
N9na had to get ill wit' her
Trick tried to kill Mrs. N9ne
So I had to hit her with a grill splitter
Never do sex with a psycho Bianc
Anybody with her better pop yo trunk
Run, better get a gun, when the bitch come
Better know she a psycho (Killa, killa)
Hard, when he hit that piece and then get her up and out with a dis
Scarred, when he knows that he's been up in the mix with a psycho bitch
Hard, when he hit that piece and then get her up and out with a dis
Scarred, when he knows that he's been up in the mix with a psycho bitch

[Hook]
Never ever do it down low with a (psycho bitch!)
Better never ever go out with a (psycho bitch!)
Everybody better learn to see a (psycho bitch!)
'Cause your bitch might be her
What you gonna do when they pop at you Glock at you
Fill 'em with the venom who the fuck are we talking to?
(Psycho bitches, Psycho bitches)
What you gonna do when they pop at you Glock at you
Fill 'em with the venom who the fuck are we talking to?
(Psycho bitches, Psycho bitches)

[Outro]
As the smoke clears
You wonder why this woman packs the most fear
She keeps a broken heart and a three-eighty close near
From me to you, if you sense she's psychotic
Better watch what you do, what they do
They say the Psycho Bitch was made from us (Psycho bitches)
Say they get nothing but hate from us (Psycho bitches)
From the Anghellic, you ravenous (Psycho bitches)
Stay the fuck away from us (Psycho bitches, psycho bitches)