[Intro]
Look in my eye, I wonder why these buster niggas asking to die

[Verse 1 - ?]
I give a fuck about who, now see somebody here got me fucked up
Shit, out of luck, my painters will blow your block up, what up
I'll put a foot to that ass, give you a 40 colt it
Cuz these bastards out here ain't knowing
Wait I'll stop, I'm looking fly to the T R E B L O C
Fucking shit up, it's an everyday pleasure to me
So what nigga, don't you love the smell of dead flesh in the morning
Nigga got you yawning, your fingertips just can fall on the grill burning
Ripping thugs ass, rip em apart as I blast, your ass won't last
I give a fuck what you have, snatching head from neck
Seasoned, I'm why they in the puzzle
Get that bombay ready, cuz we gon cook em in some Frisco
Thou know, don't be playing, and we ain't lacking, we sizzle
I'm a beast, I wear that motherfucking midwest
Thou know, thou know
Trebloc in this bitch

[Verse 2 - ?]
[?] can't be measured with eyes
So why not get on the grind, if you got that drive
Sex, money, and lives, that's why these niggas die
And if you got the nerve to ask me why I'm high
And my reply, this ghetto got me crazy, I got these bitches tryna [?]
Cuz I'm grown to hit the pussy, then I'm ghost like swazey
Faze me never, I'm too suave, I'm too clever
So I advise you and your crew to take precautionary measures
See I'm a player in the game, but ain't no need for you to hate
Cuz if your bitch come my way, she wasn't yours anyway
'Sway the game goes, Ever heard of [?]
Seems these niggas don't know, So I'm afraid Imma have to show
How these motherfuckers do it up in the midwest
Never settle for less, and don't forget your best
Everyday's a new test, nigga watch your step
Cuz real killers give a fuck about a rep, quietest kid

[Hook]
Or should I say are you ready for the meat wagon?
Toe tagged and body bagged in another session
Smashing, I started blasting
Look in my eye, I wonder why these buster niggas asking to die

[Verse 3 - Tech N9ne]
You was like my brother nigga, like no other nigga
But you treated me like another nigga, fuck a nigga
Zkeircrow, pussy-whipped Kansas nigga with the square flow
There's no way you can ever come back, falsely accusing
I can't believe that he done that, got em yelling "Tech, put the gun back!"
Paid you money I didn't have, in the past what a blast we had
Played with packed shows lighting black holes under nigga's toes
But I'm offended, cuz I found out hatred and hurt was intended
Didn't think that I'd get played, mad cuz I didn't let you on "Mitch Bade"
How the fuck I'm gon let Mitch Bade do "Mitch Bade" with me
Nigga, no rhythm having motherfucker, switching on the stage with me, nigga
Your bitch came and told me you gave her a disease that wasn't curable
Thought I wanted to fuck your bitch nigga my dick's into staying durable
On the power of my dead niggas, with the magnets of MJ
All the anger of Cosby, for what they did to his son on the freeway
I'm gonna be driving the wagon, when you slippin
But disrespecting love when you step foot back in K.C. I'm tripping
What's up?

[Verse 4 - ?]
I took chances, advances, towards the dark side
Swallowed my pride and got ready to make this ride
West is where I'm headed, my destinations out of bounds
Off a stick solo trip, but I'm back by several rounds
Mix it and push it down
Clown, a few more till whip these niggas
Help stole a bird, 30 G's, some more goldys
And now my
Mission is to bring the heat, and leave them  thieves
Existence in the form of a plasma stain
And the street bangers sweet
And I got something for your brave and [?]
My presence's preceded by the black
[?] spoiled milk, dried is gone and burnt up weed
Waylo's the block that I'm screaming, harmonizing with demons
Beat's hypnotizing, bet you will lies in puddles of blood
Slugs getting dumped off in them food, cuz ain't no love
Plugs of meat getting ripped off them bones, calves and domes
Innocent bystanders getting murdered in their homes
Work until I got it, revere his method, plot it
Something psychotic, futuristicly robotic
Turn up the nation, Toe tagged and body bagged in another session
Smashing, I started blasting round the meat wagon

[Hook]

Biotch!