[Intro: KXNG CROOKED]
(Low-born citizens. You have violated the anti-protest coordinates. We are authorized to use deadly force. We are authorized to use deadly force. You have violated the anti-protest coordinates. We are authorized to use deadly force)

Once upon a time in the slums a group of people stood up to a corrupt system. And they were all slaughtered. So what did the next generation do? Shoot back

[Chorus: KXNG CROOKED]
To the police, what kind of beast do you have to become
To kill a child so young, who just having some fun?
Dear officer, would you shoot if that was your son?
You pull us over, now we contemplating capital one
You shoot me in my back and plant a weapon after it's done
How much time you get for killing me? The answer is none
You ain't from around here
So why don't you just go back where you're from?

[Interlude]
Two little boys came and knocked on my door and said: "The police just shot your son twice in his stomach". So my..

[Verse 1: KXNG CROOKED]
Hey, yo, them robocops just tear-gassed a protest
And you don't wanna fight back
Congratulations, my nigga, you passed the hoe test
Just another male in need of some Kotex
You'll be fitted for the rope next
They gon' hang you up just like coat checks
They killed your people in front of you, what you wanna do?
You already know what I'm gonna do, pick up a gun or two
You picking up your sneakers like runners do, but where you running to?
Ain't nowhere to hide when your own cowardice is hunting you
Take a look at yourself, man, your mirror got the W
You got the L, you motherfucker you
We was sitting in church praying the Lord may forgive us
But an agent of the puppet master was there praying with us
Little did we know this disloyal snake was coiled on our own grass, plotting on different ways he could kill us
Then he walked to his vehicle, came back and sprayed major pillars of the community
The act wasn't lunacy
He knew just what he was doing, true indeed
He was carrying out a mission to kill you or me
Mission accomplished to a tee
Unity and all the hope it brings
Just became a nightmare in the reflection of our broken dreams
See, we welcomed you with open arms then you opened fire
So it seems we can't trust a soul by no means, nah
The enemies out here training to hold his chopper right
Meanwhile shooting at each other, that taught us how to fight
Damn shame we put each other under the doctor's knife
In surgery fighting for this punk-ass shit we call our life
We supposed to be smoking them robocops
That'll make the big picture look better like photoshop
I know you hope it stop, I know it's not, I'm loading shots
In a .357 three minutes before 4 O'clock
I know, to keep a gun in my waist, never fearing snakes
Tears dried up on my face, my spirit aches
Sitting here in wakes for people who irreplacable
We get bad luck whether the mirrors breaks or not
Imagine coming fresh out the womb
And the system already got your name written across your tomb
You a flower, you just wanna bloom
Unassuming that the government's mad villains, them MF'ers want your doom
So you're disproportionally incarcerated
After all these years, still the most hated

[Chorus: KXNG CROOKED]
To the police, what kind of beast do you have to become
To kill a child so young, who just having some fun?
Dear officer, would you shoot if that was your son?
You pull us over, now we contemplating capital one
You shoot me in my back and plant a weapon after it's done
How much time you get for killing me? The answer is none
You ain't from around here
So why don't you back where you're from?

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
If you ain't a rebel you ain't shit. If you ain't fight the love of your family, what the fuck are you here for? If you ain't gripping and grinding and building for your loved ones to protect them from the evil people who run this motherfucker, get the fuck out of the way. Real niggas takin' over, baby. Listen to Crook. The cigar-smoking boss. Man up