[Intro]
To the people I might offend with this song, forgive me
It's just, some sick shit that I was thinkin'
When I was dealing with some real shit
And it's called "Should I Killer?"

[Hook] (x2)
I can't hold her, I can't control her
Could I? (Killer!) Should I? (Killer!)
If I can't grope her, I might as well choke her
Could I? (Killer!) Should I? (Killer!)

[Verse 1]
The condom busted, upon this fluff chick
Really bomb and lust when vagina's thrusted and I'm disgusted
Can't come in the club bitch, dumb nigga trusted
I won't hit a gust quick, son should've clutched it
What he spit, what he gunned this let it in her rump and erupted
She say she know no pill, she stay thinking on your scrill
She know you're sold your mill and you Tecca Ninna with the solo deal
So what you think she's thinking?
If you fertilize the pink one, sinking your linking
Nothing but the jinx, now I gotta write her off like an ink pen
If she fattens, she said that it won't happen
Steady laughing at him, mashing, splashing ass, should've had it fastened
Night is over now, she ain't showed around, town about a month
And I gotta call saying she gotta tote around
Something extra from when I sexed her
My nigga, that's the, moment I had a heap, a whole plethora
Of homicide thoughts... Can I kill her? Why not?
Cause if wifey find this out, she's gonna take everything I got, nigga

[Hook] (x2)

[Verse 2]
Killer shit, I played it out, abortion, yes, I paid it out
But every time that I call to see if it's done, it's like she waited out
Like, "I got to be further along to get that"
"Somebody's calling my phone, so hit back"
I guess I've been having a dome to click clack
Bone to pick, that's wrong to sit back
And let yourself protrude from something else, no food
What, you're gonna tell your dude that you're having my baby?
What the hell? That's rude!
But you took my money and all my calmness from me
But you reassured me saying she's gonna be taken by her mommy
When her mama took her, she said it kind of shook her
When her mother cried and told her that God had wanted this baby to push her
To be a better person, read a verse, then yeah they burst in tears
Dead is certain, I ain't shed and cursed in years
And as sick is here, make a nigga wanna drip a tear
Man, this is fear, cause I already got kids and the missus near
So I'm vicious, steered, twisted admist this wicked sphere
Think I'm gonna clip this weird chick
Really quick and the bitch just disappeared

[Hook] (x2)

[Outro]
If I kill this woman, I gotta apply my stealth
Cause if my family finds out, wave bye-bye my wealth
And if her family finds out, they're gonna make this guy cry help
I guess it be way, way easier, for me to just die myself
(Hey, just calling to let you know, everything's done, my mom took me)
(You know, if you really loved me, you would have let me keep it)
(Alright, talk to you later)