[Intro: Krizz Kaliko & Tech N9ne]
Tech N9ne, Killer, July 1st
Make me wanna smoke something, ya know what I mean?
Ya, that's huge man, in his head, don't call me back!

[Krizz Kaliko]
Do you wanna light tonight? (Strange Music)
Put your lighters up to the sky (C'mon)
Wanna hit it once or twice? (Tech N9ne, baby)
Put your lighters way up high

[Krizz Kaliko]
Strange Music, '08

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Hello, the name's Tech, hello, polite fellow
From the height Mr. Righteous and I'm nice and mellow
But when I introduce myself, the least you niggas can do is jeff
I swallowed my tongue so much for punks, that I ain't got no juices left
You tell them your name, they like, "I know you, you ain't gotta tell me"
Off in the club, full of Patron, and hella Belve, tell me
Do you need a light? 'Cause your spite's not right
You looking to fight, I'm ready to smoke something tonight
And I ain't talking about no pipe to smoke, this get you nice and soaked
Steamin' meanin' demon, your life's a joke
I'm an animal, he think he cocky, but he soft as Barry Manilow
Can a bro go Hannibal so Bozo, then he pop ten shots? He flammable
You like the ganja, we like ya gone for
Please don't make Tech Neez squeeze like anaconda
Pleads, and owe me weeds, you'll see, because you under
Freeze 'cause KC G's breathe bringin' the thunder (July 1st)

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
I'm the one that you love when it sing (Yeah!)
The evil make the angel wanna smoke something
Brraa! Brraa! Good tidings I bring
'Til you cross the line and make me smoke something

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
You bless buddha, we get gouda
You envy us, then we get 2s to shoot that fool up
Ooze, when he bust and who's that shooter, steppin' with the Ruger?
Left him twitchin', let this be a lesson to you losers
Ridiculous how you spit at Misses is sick wickedness
His in this, this again, his twisted, this is specific
Dismiss a trick if he slip, no need for the fist 'o' brick
Proceed with a pistol-grip, go deep into a bitch for this
He demon, he shifty, quick to rid me like hicks in Mississippi
Gifted he to no hippie that's iffy-iffy with me
Vividly, visit T and get sticky icky-icky
Trip with me, 'cause bitches dig me like this is Pretty Ricky
Pissed at me? Clip is free! I'ma put that in your life and hope it
Be a little better for the player-hater, just sit in your fright and focus
Take a millimeter to the mouth and get red in your sight and posted
One-hitter-quitter with a trigger, nigga put that in your pipe, and smoke it

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
(Killer, July 1st, Strange Music all day)
I'm the one that you love when it sing (Yeah!)
The evil make the angel wanna smoke something
Brraa! Brraa! Good tidings I bring
'Til you cross the line and make me smoke something
I'm the one that you love when it sing (Yeah!)
The evil make the angel wanna smoke something
Brraa! Brraa! Good tidings I bring
'Til you cross the line and make me smoke something

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
And for your shooby-dooby I got Scooby-Dooby to give that groovy
Uzi tooly to me, shoot the booshy bulley through the booty
Then "Hiyah!" I'm gunnin' you with the Glock brick in the dash
Screamin' "Aaah! You son of a bitch you shot me in the ass!"
Diablo got the hollow, never trust us kids
That'll leave you lost, laying limp, instead of fluffed up jigs
Now the reason that I ever have to come home to a fucked-up crib
'Cause I'm creepin', but the haters see my lady and they never have a hushed up lid
Now the reapin' gotta come down rough, like wife ain't enough, just live
But they speakin' hella hated to my ladies because they seductive
Now we beefin', why you do a nigga shady, like selling me crushed up Thizz?
Get to chiefin', put the barrel in your mouth, take a hit nigga, puff-puff give

[Bridge: Krizz Kaliko]
Some just smoke the Hookah, others hit the pipe up
So when me says you smoke with me, you got to give your life up
Start to runnin' Mr. Gunman, come to see you smokin' something!

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
I'm the one that you love when it sing (Yeah!)
The evil make the angel wanna smoke something
Brraa! Brraa! Good tidings I bring
'Til you cross the line and make me smoke something
I'm the one that you love when it sing (Yeah!)
The evil make the angel wanna smoke something
Brraa! Brraa! Good tidings I bring
'Til you cross the line and make me smoke something

[Outro: Tech N9ne]
Yeah, show 'em
Real, back up
I'm serious, no joke
Like that, yo
How is it that being polite get you in a fight nowadays?
You tell them your name like, "Wassup, I'm Tech N9ne"
"Nigga, I know who your are" Nigga
I can't assume that everybody in the world know my name
I can't be big headed like that, nigga
Just because you feel bigger, nigga
The name is Tech N9ne, suck a dick ahahaha