[Intro: Tech N9ne]
H.I.G.H.L.A.N.D
Highland, nigga!
Heartless Insane Ghetto Hoodlum Livin' And Never Dyin'
That's what I'm talkin' about
Rogue Dogs, when I call my Rogue Dogs
Rogue Dog, niggas, for the nine-eight
We'll have to crash 'em like this, nigga
Yeah!

[Chorus: 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians]
My nigga, my nigga, we're soldiers at war!
Killin' off our enemies 'till it ain't no more!
Laws we break, yo' shit we'll take!
Murder for them bustas and hatas it ain't no escape
Rogue Dog for life!

[Verse 1: Don Juan]
It's the beginning of the ending for yo' ass
You broke ass niggas hit the strip, we need mo' cash
It's Midwestside hittin' like a M-1 time to get some
Payback fo you bustas that laid back
My gats ain't met yo next, so fuck yo vest, we dumpin'
Killin' all that punk shit that you heart be pumpin'
See somethin' I take it cuttin' through the red tape
Yo legs break tryin' to catch up who who led the race
It's 5-7, high as heaven, causin' insanity
Whatcha handin' me we'll have you bitch ass postin' the vanity
Pause, gotta recoop fuckin' with these troops
Soon as we see you, load up and we shoot on sight
We turnin' out the lights my appetite for destruction
Got me in the mood for bustin' dumpin' accross the Mizzou
And get to huntin' for Kevin East the oo-oo
And nigga you knew the Rogue Dogs rule
Your so called truths get battered and bruised
Stackin' you fools so deadly it don't matter the tools
I'm after my dues, prove if you snooze, you lose
Prepare for war when you fuckin' wit my crew
Rogue Dog for life!

[Chorus: 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians]
My nigga, my nigga, we're soldiers at war!
Killin' off our enemies 'till it ain't no more!
Laws we break, yo' shit we'll take!
Murder for them bustas and hatas it ain't no escape
Rogue Dog for life!

[Verse 2: Big Scoob]
265 lbs. hog nigga
And I'm good wit these dawgs nigga
Got steel plated balls nigga
Representin' 57th street
Me and my Dawgs bringin' the heat
Born and raised to be a villain on these Kansas City streets
Best retreat when you hear my dogs barkin
Snarlin', got that blood boilin'
Midwest side carved in hangin' out the chevy now we blastin' and laughin'
Made to hit me smashin' on them bastards
Don't be talkin' when they ask you, shit got drastic on that bastard
Left him fo the cats that sent them straight to hell
Just like hosts of veil another soldier's tale
Nigga the life of a coward was taken when we bailed

[Verse 3: L.V.]
Look I swore to die for bloodline
More heartless than my father brought (nigga)
Load the cartridges with hollow point hard ones
When Rogue Dogs call it's an all out war move
56 marks it 'cause 56 swore to
Heartless insane ghetto hoodlum livin' and never dyin'
Midwest side until my last breath on highland
Why should I lie? I live and die for my side
Ride the city 'til they roll with diddy one last time
Let this nine yell out fuck 'em
Fuck 'em if he's no Rogue he's nothin'
Fuck where he's from he'll even run when I'm dumpin'
Rogue Dog fo life, no fear of death no more
I swore to live a life a soldier at war
Rogue Dog for life!

[Chorus: 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians]
My nigga, my nigga, we're soldiers at war!
Killin' off our enemies 'till it ain't no more!
Laws we break, yo' shit we'll take!
Murder for them bustas and hatas it ain't no escape
Rogue Dog for life!

[Verse 4: Short Nitty]
Are you afraid of the unknown brains get blown
Expose chrome to your dome 'til you stiff as stone
With the phone neva suck it I'm goin'
In the pockets and blowin muthafuckas to smithereens
You knowin' that it ain't no niggas stickin' me like K-do
Be warned I'm able to explode like a volcano
On y'all we told y'all we Rogue Dawgs
We know y'all this one is [?]
Fo' you bustas and hatas we gotta make that paper
Can't break us then take us I'll peel you like a potato
Nigga wait a minute got me bustin' like a lieutenant
My intent is to eliminate you cynics
Rogue Fo' Life!!

[Verse 5: Tech N9ne]
These young niggas always yellin' about ridin'
But these bustas ain't no muthafuckin' ridas
I pumps the cock up in they bitch and then I'm slidin'
These wannabe hustlas can't compare to midwest sidas
I'm rollin' deep wit my troopas finna expose the chrome
Detrimental to domes though ozone
Thousands of bodies bein' found around me
Bottles of bud and W-double E-D
N9ne milla, rhyme killa
Fuck wit me I'll take that bust of myron D
And throw 'em to my Dawgs in the red sea
Now let's see if he can swim back to shore
Chunks missin' yellin': "I don't wanna diss Tech no mo-ah"
I know you don't
"Tech N9ne - I never say it again"
Nigga, I know you won't, never will these niggas lit on my friend
And mister scarecrow, bitch nigga you ain't got to lie
You just a scared ho, nigga this is highland 'til we die
We got the triple life Cosa Nostra Rogue Dawg shit
Bitches and niggas all on the balls when it hit
I never could understand how a nigga could come so whack
What? Oh I ain't talkin about me I'm talkin' about them other cats
Troopa!

[Chorus: 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians]
My nigga, my nigga, we're soldiers at war!
Killin' off our enemies 'till it ain't no more!
Laws we break, yo' shit we'll take!
Murder for them bustas and hatas it ain't no escape
Rogue Dog for life!
My nigga, my nigga, we're soldiers at war!
Killin' off our enemies 'till it ain't no more!
Laws we break, yo' shit we'll take!
Murder for them bustas and hatas it ain't no escape
Rogue Dog for life!