[Intro]
(You know that there are billions of stars in the universe)
But the star had quite a difficult time shining amongst all the other stars
The year was 1994 when the star began his descent
And continued falling.. And falling...
Landing in an unknown place
The star creates followers from underground rap
On the quest to shoot beyond the stars once again
The star begins in Strangeland

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Ground zero, crowned hero
But ain't nobody ever heard the sound before
I found me so
Competitive, I never get the credit back at it when it was clown and LeJo
Now we pro, the brown people
Was on it for the moment but they frowned at me fo'
Layin' what I sayin' didn't sound negro
Now people 'round me low down when the beat go
Never will I ever stop or quit what I'm doing
I'm getting better, even clever, rockin' it then I ruin every competitor
We at 'em poppin' shit, I be chewin' 'em up ahead of ya, etcetera the
Speed bandits coming for ya, now he's making an industry sandwich
Come enjoy the flow, we're takin' the minasee damage
Gunnin' boy, you know we shaking the finicky planet, we've landed

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
We've landed! The stars have fallen from the heavens!
The thoughts will reign on this planet!
The arts been painted on the canvas, you're helpless!
We've landed! The arms of fans have been branded!
The dawn of 6's and 7's! It's the start of musical madness!
We've landed!

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
Shootin' for the stars, lootin' for the cause
Who's inducin' puke and hootin' for the bars?
You get stupid groups of loose and juicin'
You for true, but you recruit the youth ignore bizarre niggas
But ain't nobody fuckin' with any of our niggas
And if you trippin' under the Tecca there are millas
You don't wanna fuck with a murderous gorilla
War 'till the lord hit a scar, nigga, what?
Bitch I'm at the bottom and I'm comin' to get at ya
Better get up in ya column
And I'm gonna diminish you, when I spit I really got 'em
Right in front of me timid, and I want a percentage
Cause I fought for everything I got, it was not handed
And nobody fed a nigga nothin' when I was famished
I'm bussin' for life and not for Nathan, but God damnit!
Notice something beautiful just landed

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
We've landed! The stars have fallen from the heavens!
The thoughts will reign on this planet!
The arts been painted on the canvas, you're helpless!
We've landed! The arms of fans have been branded!
The dawn of 6's and 7's! It's the start of musical madness!
We've landed!

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
I've landed six feet under six feet
The area where ordinary people can't sleep
The badness, we had this back in high school classes
You're dealing with three faces of madness
Never been average with the image of a savage
At the very bottom I'm livin' under the maggots
But I'm 'bout to shoot up and really wake up the masses
Gas it and blast and have the upper class rackin' ashes
Upper class rappers, sucker ass packers
Rougher tougher motherfucker spaz backwards
Kcuf Natas, gutter mad slacker
Tecca Nina's what their lads after
Everybody I wanna say, "What goes up?"
Vertically movin', I know it's 'bout to blow up
Thinkin' when I hit the stars I'mma slow up? Hold up

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko]
We've landed! The stars have fallen from the heavens!
The thoughts will reign on this planet!
The arts been painted on the canvas, you're helpless!
We've landed! The arms of fans have been branded!
The dawn of 6's and 7's! It's the start of musical madness!
We've landed!

[Outro]
Where am I? (You don't know where you are?)
No, I don't.. (You're in Strangeland)
Wow, how did I get here? (Well, that's simple, Mr. Yates)
(You're the creator)