[Intro]
Girl: Hey
Tech: Wassup?
Girl: You wanna get high?
Tech: What you got?
Girl: Whatever
Tech: Let's do it
Girl: You feel it yet?
Tech: Yeah... (yeah... yeah...)

[Verse 1]
Fall into a spell way deeper than hell
Sensation was given to me from my homegirl Chelle
She told me since I was in pain and I like to rebel
This Motorola I'm givin' you will suit you real well
Ten minutes, twenty minutes, thirty minutes, feelin' funny
Butterflies, my eyes dilate another size
Overwhelming sense of love, got these nuts so sprung
Walk up to a stranger baby: "Can I suck your tongue?"
Tinglin' baby got me feelin' like minglin' baby
This is a hella higher learnin' than Singleton, baby
One minute I'm cold, next one I'm heat
Give me some, Big Red so I don't grind my teeth
This is deep
I take another one and another one
And another one, uh-oh, here comes the other one
I'm simulated man, I'm hella blown away
And all my problems that I had've all gone away
I pop another pill and I'ma take a sip of Caribou to wash it down
You thinkin' I'ma overdose I never had a moment that'll turn a nigga 'round
I really wanna give you what I got under my dickies in the bed I wanna start
I feel I wanna fuck you but my dick is really numb and I don't see me gettin' hard
She told me "Take this cap' of GHB
With a gulp of Mountain Dew with glee"
So I could possibly end my existence
GHB, ain't no need for resistance
Ecstasy, yeah!

[Hook]
Ecstasy (I love you very much)
GHB (I love you very much)
Shrooms and weed (I love you very much)
This is the Tech N9ne experience
A-C-I-D (I love you very much)
PCP (I love you very much)
Caribou-Lee (I love you very much)
This is the Tech N9ne experience

[Verse 2]
I'm on five pills and a cap of date rape
One Caribou Lou and it ain't even late, great
I feel good, let's go to the ex house
That's where Heather and Marty got everybody x'ed out
Walkin' the crib, my homegirl say Tech's with me
'Cause she know all the bitches wanna get next to me
I'm a star and ladies wanna have sex with me
But the bitches still get jealous off of ecstasy
It's like thirty people in the house
Rave bitches, massage and glow sticks in the mouth
I take another cap of G with my Mountain Dew
I'm higher than the top floor of the Fountain Blue
Somebody said they got the chronic, light it up, man
Let's smoke it all 'til we fall then get up again
I wanna fuck but I'm numb 'cause I'm fizzled up
Skip to the Lou, I tried to piss, dick is shriveled up
My nigga Kutt got the blunt, nigga pass it
I didn't even know you was here
So he passed it with a couple hits of acid
Like I refuse to stay alive
It's pills and mo' thrills, I'm lucky if I survive
I'm high!

[Hook]
Ecstasy (I love you very much)
GHB (I love you very much)
Shrooms and weed (I love you very much)
This is the Tech N9ne experience
A-C-I-D (I love you very much)
PCP (I love you very much)
Caribou-Lee (I love you very much)
This is the Tech N9ne experience

[Verse 3]
Dipped out the ex house, it's right around two
Off to Westport to kick it with the Hurricane Crew
Saw my niggas C and G after party at the room
My homegirl Aiesha slipped me a couple grams of shrooms
Damn, it don't stop, Embassy suites, three o'clock
With my niggas C and G, they got hella G and E
I get two more hits of that ecstasy shit
I don't wanna come down off that ecstasy trip
Bitches in the room lookin' so fresh so clean
A couple hella high panties and bra, no jeans
My nigga said that he got codeine
Mixed it with cherry Robitussin and juice
I took a sip of his lean
In the bathroom to bust a shit
I couldn't do it so my bitch came to suck the dick
It was hard and soft but hard enough to penetrate the slit
'Bout twenty minutes, damn near fainted when it was time to spit
Five o'clock in the morning and we still zoned
Seven o'clock in the morning pill is still on
This life I live, I might not die
If let 'lone, love my experience
This is my fucked up life, don't try this at home
Yeah!

[Hook]
Ecstasy (I love you very much)
GHB (I love you very much)
Shrooms and weed (I love you very much)
This is the Tech N9ne experience
A-C-I-D (I love you very much)
PCP (I love you very much)
Caribou-Lee (I love you very much)
This is the Tech N9ne experience

[Outro]
Girl: What's up for today?
Tech: Whatever
Girl: Wanna get high?
Tech: Let's do it