[Intro]
The hand is a powerful power tool
Use it for good or use it to act a fool
I know so many things you're thinking of
I don't mean to bring it up, put yo middle fingers up like

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & (Tech N9ne)]
Four fingers down, one high
Put yo middle fingers in the sky
This one here is a doozy, a hum dinger
If they don't recognize, give em the finger
Give em the finger!
(Anybody say fuck me?) Everybody say fuck you!

[Verse 1: Krizz Kaliko]
Slippery snakes, slid around ya, swim around ya
We done get a long day, yeah, I've been around ya
Had an epiphany, (??It was the claws digged into me, industry enemy??)
They showed us sympathy, just some frauds
Pretending to be into my symphony
Okay, let's get it off
If the shoe fits, slip it on
Cry me a river, a water park's (???)
Ready to fight, a finger's be wondering what I be tripping on (What you be trippin' on?)
I think for the night with a knife
I'm cuttin' you up and I'm getting on, like, okay?

[Interlude: Krizz Kaliko]
(Hey hey hey Johnny what do you think you're doing?)
You listened to my demo yet?
(John, Johnny, John, I-I'm listening to it right now)
You're listening to it right now huh?
My name's not Johnny
(What's your name?!)

[Bridge]
Yeah, Kali baby, I got Trav' and 'em
Round the world with Tech and me, man we back again
So tend to ya' gold, nowheres
Oh oh there's a middle finger, put it in the air nigga

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & (Tech N9ne)]
Four fingers down, one high
Put yo middle fingers in the sky
This one here is a doozy, a hum dinger
If they don't recognize, give 'em the finger
Give 'em the finger!
(Anybody say fuck me?) Everybody say fuck you!

[Verse 2: Krizz Kaliko]
Five minutes late to the slave ship
Your toilet, my toilet, different bowl same shit
You came hearing through yo' earlobes
Replaying the dream scene, cock it back and reload
No excuses for the bullsh-you done lost it
Hair falling off and he caused it
You gon put the devil down in fever
Frown when he come around
Click click pop is the sound
Listen!

[Interlude: Tech N9ne]
Okay, boss ride my ass, he gon' die today
(Damn it Donny get back to work, you're out your element)
I'm outta my element? I'm outta my element?
You know what? I'm a get, man...
You know? You know what? Have a nice day man
I QUIT!!!! (door closes)

[Verse 3: Krizz Kaliko]
Take a stand, got yo' hand on yo' tool
No more talking man-to-man and you gon' do the fool
Walking into yo boss' office, your offence is to off 'im
But you don't want those problems nigga
Give him the finger

[Hook: Krizz Kaliko & (Tech N9ne)]
Four fingers down, one high
Put yo middle fingers in the sky
This one here is a doozy, a hum dinger
If they don't recognize, give em the finger
Give em the finger!
(Anybody say fuck me?) Everybody say fuck you!