[Intro: Tech N9ne]
Yo, what's up?
For those who don't know, I go by the name of Tech N9ne
I'm gonna let you in on a little secret
Some of the things already known, that are familiar with me
And my thoughts, so these are the real thoughts
I'ma share with you, like this

[Verse 1: Tech N9ne]
Don't you come near me 'cause the Devil's sittin' next to me
I drink my drink, and smoke my weed and pop my ecstasy
Then add some GHB and mushrooms to the recipe
This means I'm really lettin' the beast within get the best of me
If you can hear me, I need help
I'm caught and I'm stuck, and I'm trapped in me self
Don't understand this fucked up hand that G dealt
Lazarus help me 'cause it's hazardous to T's health
He's set trippin', he's tryin' to get a nigga killed
And get a nigga peeled, the otherside is gonna rid 'em in the field
No sentimental feelings, send 'em in the cold buildings
I tried to tell him where you go you will not see your women and your children
He popped, fifteen hits of x in one night
Licked big tits, had sex with some dykes
And he won't use protection for my erection
Constantly makin' me get that penicillin injection
Wait, I hear voices, speakin' from inside
I'm out front waitin', he creepin' and he hides
I can't help but notice he's kinda stuck up, I'ma let it slide
But in the meantime shut the fuck up, and just ride

[Hook: Laticia Naylor]
Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby
Oooooh... It's about to drive me crazy
Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby
Oooooh... It's about to drive me crazy

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
When I was younger I used to faint at the sight of blood
Now that I'm older I notice that it ain't at the sight of blood
Now the sight of blood equals the very first sign of love
Menstrual cycles, feelin' like you right at your height of drugs
Bleed for me, baby, made your heart, rage
Fuckin' you makes me feel a murderous sensation, blood mixed with ejaculation
Cum bustin', bump heads 'til concussions, after we done fuckin'
If I can't get the spirit I've won nothin'
I got children, and a wife
He's thinkin' of leapin' off a buildin', takin' flight
By now somebody should have killed him, end his life
Too many motherfuckers feel him, in his mic
Somebody stop him, 'cause he's fuckin' up my livelihood
With me trapped inside this psycho how can I be good
To my wifey, if it's remotely close to a punani
He's in it, a monster runnin' me back and forth
To the free clinic
If you a friend, time to say toodaloo
'Cause ain't no possible way he can ever be true to you
Cancel your appointment to do the due
If he wants to kill himself, what the fuck you think he wanna do to you?

[Hook: Laticia Naylor]
Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby
Oooooh... It's about to drive me crazy
Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby
Oooooh... It's about to drive me crazy

[Verse 3: Tech N9ne]
I am a nightmare walkin', psychopath talkin'
Brain deteriorating 'cause I'm X pill poppin'
I got, more troubles whatever you got it doubles and triples
And quadruples, havin' fantasies of eatin' nipples and noodles
Drugs; take the pain away, used to have a lotta love
But now I fade away— The fact
That women love the music and they open they legs
For a psychopathic nigga that's so fucked up in the head, is beautiful
(Told my parents this isn't suitable)
Devil bitches'll learn (no!), gotta recruit a few
(This nigga's gonna do me harm, I'm drugged up and I'm torn)
(Look at this motherfucker he colored my hair orange)
You can't touch me, everybody loves me
Listening to my music, children are gettin' ugly
If I told you everything I was thinkin' it wouldn't be G
Tellin' you how many crossed my path, just wouldn't be me
But they know, 'cause they way low
How 'bout some X n fry n yayo, and fuck a halo
A lot of Jim Beam, to have grim dreams would be healthy
(Hey yo, I'm trapped, in psycho's body, can you help me?)

[Hook: Laticia Naylor]
Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby
Oooooh... It's about to drive me crazy
Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby
Oooooh... It's about to drive me crazy
Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby
Oooooh... It's about to drive me crazy
Oooooh... I'm a psycho baby
Oooooh... It's about to drive me crazy

{​*Chanting by Krizz Kaliko until fade*}​