[Verse 1: D.C.]
You bring your knife to a gun fight, nigga get your mind right
Fucking with DC i send that ass into the next life
Have niggas laughin' at you, mashin' on you, talkin' shit
Smack you up, black you up, tack you up, now picture this
This nigga all on stage lookin' ragidy taking mine
I say no words, I play it cool, then I introduce Tech N9ne

[Verse 2: Tech N9ne]
And if you niggas wanna bang
It's all jesus ain't nothing but a thing
Vill life motherfucker Tecca Nina
Leaving every bitch nigga slain

[Verse 3: Dalima]
Call me insinamal criminal individual hit 'em with a foul
So low under investigation by haters that wake mo' show
For the iggana I'm iggatra iveme all of my oneyma
Players get busted when haters discuss it, they shake
Lit makin' hooligans with the lyrical more grand
Lookin' over my shoulder for murder again
I heard my kid got popped up over a girl man
Never been a friend to a foe, a "yes" to a "no"
But I stay blessed like poof, make a nigga guess where I go
Yo, we down 151 bottles of rum quick
Performin' on me keeping it rockin' like some drum sticks
Label the warrant, yeah, making this your first down
And if you got game chop it up like a pound
Knockin' dust to the ground town no for the mentally verbal assassin
With the D to the L-O-C yelling "We keep on blasting"
I'mma get up in it with lyrical games
Steadily hell he better be wearing a name creep
With the milla heat under my seat
Cause haters on

[Verse 4: D-Loc]
"Why they want to hate us" is what I'm thinkin' up in my mind
That's the same reason why these bustin' igganas are steadily die
Your people cry, cause they don't know half of the story
Is two sides to everybody's fall
40 deuce finna take 'em all like school time
It's a road call, all you player haters gon' pairs
Got mad cause you got embarrassed
Now you want to tear my head off cause you jealous (Why?)
Is it because I'mma verbal damage it?
Simmer up in the image makin' all my spinach off of selling cannabis
D-Loc and Dalima, the positive the opposite they struggle live
Now that we debated all these haters always lookin' at us
On the rage what we gots to give
Boy, this otherna I'mma k [?] and alimaday [?] put dirt on my [?]
But ya ain't stoppin' no kind of progress
Mob threats with a sideback
Hating got yourself walkin' in Dalima's starting on another project
Hating on me? Look at the buddha blastin' with the G
Sick to the H-A-S to the E, repeatedly comin' to comin' to repeatedly bitch

[Hook x2: Tech N9ne]
These young hooligans be fucking 'em like (POW-POW)
Anybody player hatin' on Mitchell Bade they gettin' (FUCKED UP)
Bitches all be like (WHAT WHAT)
When I hear a nigga
If you ever fuck with one of my villains your ass is gettin'
(FUCKED UP)

[Verse 5: D.C.]
This city life how can I get passed it
Is scandalous, hectic, drastic and even got to [?]
How can I escape these snakes I was told to keep faith
Catch a new case some on the run to a new state
I'm livin' real fine, my mind constantly on doing time, smoke me some weed, cut up some green got the finner rhyme [?] GC
These kids sold and I can tell (Tell)
And thuggin' ain't make it and tell me what would we prevail
A threat to all you broads

[Verse 6: Tech N9ne]
That's become a nigga that hates, so Nina
I've been around the world and I-I-I
That's where my grass is greener
Then the next man, when I'm lecturin'
While had me off in your best friend contraceptin'
Leave it left there, face down [?] studio wastin'
Niggas be mad at me, could it be my lyrical strategy
And they wanna get [?]
Would me and my villains be fuckin' they bitches' anatomy?
It's a lot of niggas vill life'ing on 'em
We tote guns and you knifing on 'em
Wanna call rouge dog?
Best believe, my niggas be bitin' on 'em
But the Tech N9ne like
Of off in the midwest limelight in a rhyme fight
Comin' at 'em be the champion, bitches' asses I'm strapping on
Dalima, D-Loc, DC, Tech N9ne, it's just recorded
Young niggas, such loyalties shall be rewarded

[Hook x2: Tech N9ne]