[Produced by DJ Premier]

[Intro]
Uh-huh, I've did it again niggas
Fucked up, right? Ha, I know
I know what y'all niggas asking yourself
Is he gon' ever fall off?
No...

[Verse 1]
A lot of speculation
On the monies I've made, honies I've slayed
How is he for real? Is that nigga really paid?
Hustlers I've met or, dealt with direct
Is it true he stayed in beef and slept with a TEC?
What's the position you hold?
Can you really match a triple platinum artist buck by buck but only a single going gold?
If Roc-A-Fella should fold, and you're left out in the cold
Is it back to charging motherfuckers 11 for a O?
For the millionth time asking me
Questions like Wendy Williams, harassing me
Then get upset when I catch feelings
Can I get a minute to breathe? And in that minute you leave
While I'm looking at my Rol' ice spinning on my sleeve
Ugh, nice watch, do you really have a spot?
Like you said in Friend or Foe, and if so, what block?
What you doin' in L.A., with Filipinos and Eses
Latinos in Chevys, down by Pico with Frederico
I answer all y'all questions but then y'all got to go
Now the question I ask you is how bad you wanna know, BLAOW!

[Hook]
(A million) Uh-huh uh uh uh uh-huh uh-huh
(A million) How we do, what?
(A million) Uh-huh uh uh uh uh-huh uh-huh
(A million) How we do?

[Verse 2]
'98 Primo remix, and ain't nothing different
I don't know what the hell, niggas been sniffing
Jigga still dipping, chrome on the whips and
4 days out the week, find me in the kitchen
Still in the game nigga, hooked like glue
Papi gave me one pie, but it cook like two
I'm a crook like you
Cats around my way was buying brand new whips and shit, what could I do?
Knowin I'm supposed to style
I'm the hustler's poster child, rock lizards and cro-ca-dile
Live ironic and what-not
Put all that ice on the face of a watch just to make it hot
Now you see me on them stages
Rocks in the air looking like blue lasers, never fugazis
Act courageous, I smack 'em with the two aces
MAC double one, nigga, I'm troublesome
All I got for chicks hard dick and bubble gum
Flip bricks like Fred, Barney Rubble and them
It's the Roc-A-Fella clique, what's fucking with them?
Not a damn thang nigga, we doin our damn thing.. BLAOW!!!

[Hook]
(A million) Uh-huh uh uh uh uh-huh uh-huh
(A million) How we do, come on
(A million)
(Sounds so beautiful, don't you agree, ladies and gentlemen?)

[Verse 3]
HA! Well they call me Jay-Hova 'cause the flow is religious
And ever since I was 16 I was holding digits
I'm seeing this industry clearer
As if I had coke in the trunk and cops in the rear mirror
I slow flows y'all to death, so y'all hoes know who's best—Jigga!!
The flow be Ay Bendito, for the mamis I hable español poquito
Oh Este, I got timing like a segue
Now holla back baby
Uh-huh-huh, Jay-Z, you motherfucking right
In the darkest nights let off my gun for light
To guide y'all through, show you how it's done
I'm The Question and The Answer like Iverson
Jets be private ones, no gate to lift
So when I take flight it's from Hangar 6
Bang with this, wake up with one in your brain
And the cocaine flow's straight numbing your pain
This ain't your speed young mayne, run in your lane
So I can come through doing a hundred and change
I put one in your frame—picture that
Who's running the game? Let's get to that
I guess we one and the same
A million and one... once again
Novacane flow, hoe, you ain't know
Like a baller in an Impala, Jigga remain low
Then I pop up, and tear your block up, and kick off like soccer
In a Range Rove, twist hoes like ankles, 'til the next time, nigga
I hit y'all with a million more