DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek - “Ain’t No Love Intro”
[Emcee(s): n/a]
[Producer(s): DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro (Overlapped with Sample from Cymande - "Brothers on the Slide"): Sample from [?]]
[?]: Run away?  And run away?  Fuck am I supposed to run to, huh?  Where the fuck am I supposed to run?  These motherfuckers are gonna kill me, no matter where I go.  Fucking shit.  Our whole life is fucked up, man.  This shit’s fucked up.  Shit.  You’re better off dealing on the fucking corner.  I swear to God, man.  What the fuck am I doing?

[Bridge 1: Sample from Bobby "Blue" Bland - “Ain't No Love in the Heart of the City”]
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Ain't no love and it's sure ‘nough a pity
Ain't no love ‘cause you ain't around
When you were mine, oh, I was feeling so good
‘Cause you lovlied up this whole neighborhood

[Interlude 1: Sample from Gladys Knight & The Pips - “The Way We Were / Try to Remember”]
Hey, you know, everybody's talking ‘bout the good old days, right?  Ev-everybody, the good old days, the good old days.  Well, let's talk about the good old days.  Come to think of it, as, as bad as we think they are, these will become the good old days for our children.  Hmmm.  Why don't we, uh, try to remember that kind of September when, when life was slow and, and oh so mellow

[Bridge 2 (Overlapped with Instrumental from Nas - “Memory Lane (Sittin' in da Park)”): Samples with Scratches by DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
“‘Cause what I see, on the daily, deals with” - Sample from Tek (of Smif-N-Wessun) on D&D All Stars - "1, 2 Pass It"
“Reality, so come follow we on this journey” - Sample from Tek (of Smif-N-Wessun) on D&D All Stars - "1, 2 Pass It"
“Come follow we on this journey” - Sample from Tek (of Smif-N-Wessun) on D&D All Stars - "1, 2 Pass It"
"No jokes.  I'm not playing" - Sample from Raekwon on Wu-Tang Clan - "Can It Be All So Simple"
"I got to maintain 'cause stress on the brain" - Big Noyd on Mobb Deep ft. Big Noyd - "Just Step (Prelude)"
"No jokes.  I'm not playing" - Sample from Raekwon on Wu-Tang Clan - "Can It Be All So Simple"
"I keep living like this, I might lose it" - Prodigy on Mobb Deep ft. Big Noyd - "Just Step (Prelude)"
“Some... might lose it" - Prodigy on Mobb Deep ft. Big Noyd - "Just Step (Prelude)"
“Some... might lose it" - Prodigy on Mobb Deep ft. Big Noyd - "Just Step (Prelude)"
“My thoughts must be relaxed, be able to" - Sample from Ghostface Killah on Wu-Tang Clan - "Can It Be All So Simple"
“Maintain 'cause times has changed and life is strange" - Sample from Ghostface Killah on Wu-Tang Clan - "Can It Be All So Simple"
“The glorious days is gone and everybody's doing" - Sample from Ghostface Killah on Wu-Tang Clan - "Can It Be All So Simple"
“Bad... I can’t cope with the pressure" - Sample from Ghostface Killah on Wu-Tang Clan - "Can It Be All So Simple"

[Outro: Sample from Buckshot on Black Moon - "Powaful Impak!"]
Ayyo, this is, straight up, for all them niggas out there who fronted on some bullshit in the beginning.  Fuck that