[Verse One]
We're back Hip Hop. Doo rags or a fitted?
Nikes or tims, rims or new lenses
B-boys, B-girls. Haters be gone
I'm droppin' worldwide conquest on my new album
Read between the lines when it drops. Now come
With me on this journey to my final outcome
Southern rap is some trash if you don't know where to find the real (gasp)
Been waitin' to attack record labels, it's a blood bath
Let them set up hecklin' for my cash
We as a people are defined by our craft
We let that slip away, I'll reteach the whole class
Blue collars, fuck the white collars put on spike collars
Y'all my dogs right? (Holla!)
There's got to be an oddity what happened to lettin' the record scratch like the lottery
Tickets is honestly a given up quality? It's robbery, not with me
DJ spins when I'm on a beat, honestly anatomically
Slaughtering the wannabes on to me, pondering. Wondering
Around until I'm lost in beat killin' off MCs
Just for wantin' beef, or tryna talk to me
It's got to be the saddest thing of all I've seen in Hip Hop

[Choruse]
Hip Hop, Hip Hop
Lyricists are in Hip Hop, Hip Hop
Wordsmiths are in Hip Hop, Hip Hop
Put your hands in the air for Hip Hop, Hop
Hip Hop, Hip Hop
Lyricists are in Hip Hop, Hip Hop
Wordsmiths are in Hip Hop, Hip Hop
Put your hands in the air for Hip Hop, Hop

[Verse Two]
I seldom held in the words in my melon
Tellin' felons "Bring it!" I want the beef
You hear me? I'll scream and yell it
Fellas do you get it? You stupid? Well I can spell it, check it:
D-I-double Z-Y, boy I'm hailin'
From the Ville and you can see why I'm a villain
If you when send me to hell then
Cause I'll be damned if I'm beaten, or you see me failin'
This games a body all the rappers are the head then
I'm the core of course like I was the solar plexus
C-M-E, we combine so many cultures we're like lyrical Chex Mix
Check this: Seein' people run to the shelves when myself hits
Is like seein' a fire in a hotel, my CD would be the exit
People runnin' to it, tramplin' others. They can't help it
I like my head safe, should I carry a helmet?
Y'all BBs to pellets, and I'm the only bullet in a chamber
To penetrate ya vest. I'm an angler
I got you hooked, I pull the strings and I'm uh hang ya
On the flip side, on my ships side I'm the anchor
Hold it down for my team so all of y'all are in danger in

[Chorus]

[Verse Three]
Nobody's seen the late night rhymin'
I'm like a mime, cause I could create this even if I was silent
Kind of like a Myan, cause I predict an end to your lives and
That only goes for whack rhymers tryna get some time in
This thing I call life, and this my stylin'
Rush ya but I'm never stallin'
If I was a fallin' star with a caffeine buzz I'd never calm it
Too energetic, poetic. My people down without a medic
I said it. If you had a fetish it would be defeat
Do you get it? Nah you probably didn't
Spittin' with this grimace. Inches from a different dimension
Did I forget to mention disses? Nah, never that. Listen
Where drawing close to the end but this is only one song
Hip Hop? Hip Hop is never endin'