Intro
And this is Steves J. Bryan
Some real shit nigga, where my fucking zoe’s at man
Ayisyen’k nan kay la wi yeah yeah  pa vinn ouve kow la fè makak… look

Verse
I’m Coming straight outta Haiti I'ma certified zoe
My sex’s banann peze and my dick’s griot
I don't trust no hoe I'm here for the money
Bag it all up till it looks like a sac of diri
Fuck your figi , yall look funny
Tryna act tough I'm the original dandi
I see you waving your hands like you shooting an invisible gun
But when you see one your ass gonw run
I'm from the land of the Baka
Niggas pa nan kaka Mather fact round my block rats don't Kaka
I'm on a mission and I'm doing the impossible
Took the road alone I'm so determine I'm unstoppable
Never on my own use faith to jump obstacles
You can only be strong if you learn and accept to grow
Accept that I'm the best
Put it in yo head Like a memory, I'm so sick watch it spread
Yo my shit goes deep deeper than a dead body
And when I hit the booth all you see is dead bodies
Look Bitch I'm so for real I'm right now
And right now is time for me to cut your lights out
What you niggas lack is discipline
And balls that's y you act feminine
So don’t come to me talking bout yo projects cause I ain't tryna hear that shit
And don’t even try to approach my set cause we don’t really feel yo shit
Shit let me get some dirt off my shoulders
And my lyrics are like boulders when I drop its heavy enough to shake the flo!
I'm a trained soldier, equipped with Flow, look  I strike with  light and kill the show
And let my third eye glow and I grow you feel me bro
I’m from a city where I use to get along with the blackout
But when light skins hit the room they call cops to put the blacks out
And my uncle said nephew you gotta kill the noise man
Yo this system is a poison
Shit that’s y I follow my Heart look I’m very serious bout my art
I’m the Haitian nigga your mom loves to talk about
High minded well-spoken smart without a doubt
While everybody’s in the kitchen I be hitting you on the couch
Hold up black cock in yo mouth, girl I got you eating barbecue
Let’s reroute I put your face north your back south ... Ouch...

Outro
Steves J. Bryan one plus seven eight nigga! Great nigga! I’m fucking great nigga! And that’s eight nigga
One plus seven in yo motherfucking mouth... bitch
Yo let me say some on the mike.. yo we out here nigga  …. The fuck man! …fuck that shit up