Frank151 ft. Baby Blak - “Baby Blak Freestyle (Frank151 - That Grown Man)”
[Produced by DJ Premier (Original Instrumental from Ras Kass - "Goldyn Chyld")]

[Hook: Baby Blak]
Frank 1 for the trouble.  5 boroughs, NY
1 time for your mind once I get inside
Check me in the mag, on the cover and shit
Tell these half-assed dudes they ain’t fucking with this
Frank 1 for the trouble.  5 boroughs, NY
1 time for your mind once I get inside
Check me in the mag, on the cover and shit
Tell these half-assed dudes, yo (Yo, tell ‘em, nigga).  Haha

[Verse 1: Baby Blak]
Catch me rhyming to ash.  You talk shit, I’ll break
My foot off of dudes like I’m Don McNabb
Ain’t the one for talk.  Talk is dead, fallen on
Deaf ears.  I’ll only talk when I spark with dreads
Where your head at?  Prank callers are beating their dick
I’m in a dancehall, repeating a diss
Wouldn’t jump if the CD skipped.  Fuck a blunt
We roll tree trunks wrapped up in tea leaves, bitch
Battle?  You never ready for large.  You dead as
A battery.  I’m Eveready, steady settle the charge
The focused posterchild smoke the miles
Burning plastic bones ‘til they down to the roaches
Whoever closest overdose on a verse
Like limp bodies thrown in coke, [?] noses
Comatose dope shit.  Quote this: fuck the radio
Fuck the video too and fuck your bitch
I terrorize forever.  It’s Baby Blak and Nutri Ent. too
Ayyo, [?], the fuck they gon’ do?
Jake play the mix.  Spraying the spit, they can’t stop it
Favorite shit: playing the kid, getting profits
I’m saying [?].  I’m caving your chin.  We the topic
Discussed by disgusted dudes.  I see y’all watching
I give a fuck.  Write it down, take a picture like Chris Tuck
Either bring your chips up or keep your lips shut
Page seven.  Full-cover, full-page flick
I’m trying to be on some Bill Gates shit
Nutri E-N-T., we ready and right
Frank151, said we ready tonight to go:
1 for the trouble.  5 boroughs.  Wanted in
West P., Jamaican states.  We come, dumbing it
We the streets.  Get it confused?  No means
First to bring it to you like the dro [?]