Uh, yo, what up, what up

What up Dre? What up Khaled?
If you don't know me now
Then you will, dont worry about it
I used to wanna be friends and tell everybody
But now I  wanna be mad and just kill everybody
See everybody watching, like
"Who does he think he is?" like
"Who the hell is this kid?" and
"Why the hell is he here?" and
"Who told him we care?" like yo
I'm Joyner Lucas, by the way, hello
You don't remember my face
Or ya'll didn't get the memo?
At some point, I gave all you niggas my demo
You hopped inside your limos and threw it out the window
Man it's no wonder why nobody called and tried to find me
No wonder why nobody flew me out and tried to sign me
They said this game is full of hoes
And then I thought of Miley
They told me "get her while she young"
And then I thought of Tyga
Or Kylie, whatever

I gotta say a few things
And this wasn't supposed to happen
But I made it this way
And now I finally get the chance to hit the stage for the day
And address all the things that I swear I've been waiting to say
Okay let's get down to the itty gritty
You nitty bitty rappers softer than Pretty Ricky
And smaller than Iggy's titties, I shit in your kitty litty
And if I died and came back, I'm bringing Biggie with me
I ain't got no top five
I'm top five of your top five
But I'm not trying
I'm 6'3", you 5'5", but you not Plies
I'm pop-eye, I'm Fetty Wap
With a cocked-eye
You in for a rude awakening, I hope you awake
I went to Meek's crib and told him that I'm cool with Drake
Kendrick told me this is competition, who is safe
And shoutout to my exes, ya'll done made a huge mistake

When am I gonna win an award?
When are ya'll gonna realise that I'm kicking in doors?
When Dre gonna realise I ain't no shit to ignore?
When Diddy's butler gonna come and get my shit at the door?
Huh?
Now YouTube Joyner Lucas, follow me and stay
I hope that Charlamagne'll give me Donkey of the Day
I hope [?] never drop no bombs on me
They gonna need some military bazookas and nine armies
Never been running your mouth
Instead I'm putting my gun in they mouth
A thug and I'm coming around
And taking they sweater, they woman, and duck and I'm out
Thinning it out
Somebody calling you out, you ready to move?
Joyner get women, I'm setting the mood
And all of the niggas they get in the booth
I'm telling the truth

So what's an MVP when you strategising?
And what's an STD if you're Magic Johnson?
What's a BET Cypher without me involved?
This ain't even what we all thought it was
We was wrong
Joyner