It's 8 people on earth with the combined wealth equal to half the population
It's insane, it's amazing we even know their names
And they stay breathin' air
The fuck? it's no fair though
Bill Gates. Warren Buffett. Mark Zuckerberg. Bill Bloomberg. Carlos Slim. Jeff Bezos. Amancio Ortega. Larry Ellison... it's hellish man
8 fuckin' people own as much as the poorest 3.6 billion
Dawg are you kiddin'? This is idiocy
Kill 'em all, fuck is we waitin' for?
2.5 trillion dollars banked overseas to dodge taxes
And still they wanna lock up Snipes and Lauryn Hill for a couple mil'?
It's fuckin' madness
2.5 trillion though. What the fuck?
With that money we could do a lot of shit
Including, for example, fix the 2,000 water systems across America
That's poisoned with lead and other toxins
It's not just
Flint
It's 45 hundred other affected municipalities
This is our reality
How we finna change that, dawg?
Cop a heater get ready to bang that, prolly, I dunno man
Yo, man, what fuckin'...hellhole they manufacture the game, Jack?
The whole game be deranged, blad
Really doe, I dunno
Vision the figures of...hey, listen, god this is ugly, think about it:

1 of 10 people on earth live on 2 bucks a day
And your average millionaire couldn't give under 2 fucks away

See there's five times as many abandoned houses
In America as there's homeless people

So if my math is correct, lemme check my notes for a second, oh yeah the system is totally evil

A black man is 2 times to even 2.5 times as likely than a whitey to get shot up
And/or locked up by the cops, bro, on god it's awful

For every dollar that a white man in America makes
A white woman makes 77 cents
It's hella sexist off top but a black woman makes 69 cents to that same dollar:
It's deeper when you add race to the problem
A Latina get 57 cents, that's when you
Add economic exploitation of
Borders as colonial concepts to the midst

It's tricknologies employed for generations
A system so insidious it has to teach us to convince our own damn selves that we ain't shit

Believe it or not I was highly verbal on them little SATs and what not
But my math was a little lackin', I think, cuz I
Never saw the
Revolutionary aspects of communication in organization
And, you know, basically the way they that they teach it in school was too basic, basically
Basically, they tryin' to play games and make you believe that the numbers don't say shit but they do though, you know

I came into knowledge outside of my formal education
And that's how I came to overstand the mathematics and they supreme placements
Standardized testing is a waste of time and brain space, mayne
It makes us into automatons
Naw, we gods. And born-poets
Please know this
Trust, love and believe that
1-2-3 that
What else?

Oh yeah, plus fuck America
Born outta genocide and slavery it's crazy
That mathematics is mind-bogglin'
Peace to the prison strikers
POWs of the black and brown working-class genocidal battle
That's been ragin' for generations
Ever since slavery, and before that
An extension of European imperialism born of an irrational hatred and exploited for the gain of the few
It victimizes all workers, just as a universal issue
Kill all ristos, prolly, I dunno man
Maybe there's another way
Until then, like the brothers say, 'any means' right?
Yeah, that seems right

Look it's simple mathematics, knowledge
Wisdom, understanding
Culture. You know, freedom
Power. Refinement. Equality
God, build, destroy
Borin' cypher
Y'all know how it go mayne
It's check-check-check 1-2
Et cetera
Hip hop
Never bluff, clever thug
Ready for any other mother fucker that wanna get involved
No sweat, why you sweatin' boss?
God never get a loss
Sever the king head from the neckbone, get gone
Kool a boss, he do be awkwardly low-key slept-on
But that's whatever though
Point is, is the worker deserves to own the means of production, mayne
Plus love is love is love is love mayne
Whatever. God bless. One love
Peace Allah Jah

....drylongso, hittin' a bongo, conga, Congo, whatever mayne
Jembe. Timba
Allah, Allah....

Jah Allah, one love
Peace Connecticut
The 7 7 god body, bless bless the abstract math of it
Algebra. Cannabis
Animal. Vegetable
Minimal manage with it
The Spanish kid, amethyst, amethyst, amethyst
Drylongso
It's simple mathematics, you know