[Verse 1: Dynasty]
Hey, yow! I’m from the city that never sleeps
So you know I stay up
When I rock, leave them in shock
Tell ‘em to pick their face up
Down in the bay but I remember where I came up
Because it made me who I am
And made step my game up
No longer a stranger, they say I’m appealing
Put my heart in the paper and the cipher, i reveal it
Can you feel it? They call me the calm before the storm
I know I’m burning it down, when you barely getting warm
I’m the type that, listen to MC when he’s spitting
If he represents the elements he’s further in the mission
When a lady steps up trivial matter, she’s dismissing
But I kill an MC if he ain’t playing his position
I call it tough love without negative intentions
Killing him in my tongues, I kill him in my four inches
He came with a free style and I killed him with a rhythm
Spotted them with sixteen, then I killed him with a sentence
Man, listen! They call you the local anesthetic
You get on with the energy, it’s hard than you dead it
But me, see, they call me magnetic, cause when I’m rocking forget it!
You try to pull away, you’ll regret it
I’m nothing like these other broads, quick to get naked
I’m try to get hot over this record, yeah!
But you never see me bow or bend
Shining ever since the day I found the pen, yeah!

[Hook: Dj Premier & Dynasty]
The boldest, the boldest, live as
This dynasty never seen
Can, can, can nobody stay close?
I only say things once, never twice, twice!
The boldest, the boldest, live as
This dynasty never seen
Can, can, can nobody stay close?
I only say things once!

[Verse 2: Dynasty]
Hey, yow! I’m from the city that never sleeps
So you know I stay up
When I rock, leave them in shock
Tell them to pick their face up
Dudes sleep, cause I rock hills and beats
‘Till I got what premier and took it out to the street, yeah!
I fall asleep with the pen in my hand
Trying to catch a dream and turn it to definitive the plans
Fly high, but the minute I land I make history
While you’re still lost in the dreams, still a mystery
You’re only good for the moment like a quick feel
I finally understand why I’m such a big deal
They all spit about taking your man
I’m all that, cause over here taking your fans
Understand, I’ll be spitting like this, ‘till I’m an old wife
Standing in the kitchen washing dishes spittin' old lines
Spittin' heavy, they ain’t ready for the gold mine
I’m just about 25, you can’t hold mine
Got bust, cause I was killing him in '09
Took over the radio with ridiculous co-signs
Flow griddy but get pretty when it’s show time
So you know I’ll be hitting your city up in no time
Just tell me where to be, I can handle!
Any given audience, I’ll hand it over a hand full
I give ‘em a sample to see if they can hear me
Shining ever since premo premiered me

[Hook]