[Intro] (Pulp Fiction)

"You ever seen that show Cops? Well I was watching it one Time & there was this, this cop on, he was talking about, about This, this gunfight he had in the hallway with this guy, right?
& He just unloaded on this guy."

[Verse: Kyle Travis]

If I've got a mic, then I promise I've got a chance
If a rapper thinks he's got the juice, then I would tie his hands
And maybe Chance the Rapper. But really where's all the danger
In a world where metaphors have practically become a stranger
To these so called rappers. Soap operas in action
I just roll on past & hope I gather no reaction
That attention that I seek is not from people who don't know the roots
I've spent that attention they switching sides just like a Rubik's Cube
They looking around. I cannot imagine what I would be like
If I couldn't write. I'd probably be saddened or playing madden with some catnip
Rocking out to some Fat-lip, instead of bumping Illmatic
In fact, I'd probably be respected, but where is the fun in that?
I'd rather be underestimated than overestimated
A candidate in the game, that if you win they've gotta face it
So face up. I run it, so lace up
The boy as cold as ISIS, other words I blow the place up. I'm ate up
We in the same game, but I'm eight up, your fade sucks
I'm rolling clean, the dopest without a fiend
While I pick my lyric pieces your lyrics they just get picked to pieces
You roll the paper but the part you do not see
Is that I picked the thesis. Hard to admit it like it's got a problem
I'm rockin' I got em' like Dr. Dre, they Charlamagne
Asking blunt questions, I dump elegance spit relevance
With heaven sent incentives, sticking with that fourth element
I had to make this so they know just what my motive is
I will not attack unless I'm provoked, then it's over with
Yeah. Now tell me who do you know
That drops a bomb like this on tapes you got a problem with

[Outro] (Pulp Fiction)

"Marvin, what do you make of all this?" "Man, I don't even
Have an opinion." "Well you've got to have an opinion! I mean do you think God came down from heaven & stop-" *gunshot*