(Intro-Joker of Dark Knight)
You see, in their last moments, people show you who they really are. So in a way, I knew your friends better than you ever did...Would you like to know which of them were cowards?

(Verse 1)
What are friends?
Friends are people that you let into your life
Friends are people that will roll with you when things are nice
Friends are those, who will be there for you in the light
But when it turns to darkness friends will never be in sight
Friends are people who you call your friends
Who you thought would be there for you up until the very end
But then they meet some friends and suddenly you're nobody
Maybe that is just the way that it's supposed to be
What are friends?
Dear God, what are friends..?
Friends are people who will only care for you when they're intoxicated:
"I love you man, I love you, I swear to God we made it
I love your music bro, let's celebrate and get wasted"
But when they're sober, they'll tell you that you're overrated
Friends are people that you knew since elementary
Friends are people that will side with your enemies
Friends are people that have never had respect for me
Friends...are just, memories

(Chorus)
You ain't a gambler! (Nope)
So don't you act like one!
I never had friends and I ain't lacking none (Uh-huh)
So you struck with a lot, I'm striking back like this (Like this)
And I ain't gonna stop until the bright light hits (Light hits)
And I'll be doing my thang until I'm quite quite rich (Tell 'em)
And you'll be coming back with none!

(Verse 2)
Friends are people I could never trust
Friends are people I once knew who never cared enough
Friends are people that we wish to love and people that were close to us but in the end reveal that they just never really cared as much
Friends are people that will tell you they're related to me
Under certain circumstances just to make it seem
Like they are better than they really are
Because they're waiting for the day when I become a star
Friends are people who I thought I would take with me when I blow up
On second thought I wouldn't want my friends to show up
I hope you hear this and it eats you up...inside
I hope you find a way finally swallow your pride
Friends are people who make fun of your depression
People that I cried in front of, hoping for a lesson
During days in which the thought of suicide was so refreshin'
And all you said was that I'm seeking for attention

(Chorus)
You ain't a gambler! (Nope)
So don't you act like one!
I never had friends and I ain't lacking none (Uh-huh)
So you struck with a lot, I'm striking back like this (Like this)
And I ain't gonna stop until the bright light hits (Light hits)
And I'll be doing my thang until I'm quite quite rich (Tell 'em)
And you'll be coming back with none!

(Verse 3)
Friends are those who know exactly who I'm talking 'bout
Friends are those, who will hate this song, without a doubt
Friends are people who say they need you and go behind your back and deceive you just to leave you with sorrow
Friends are people who won't be there tomorrow
Friends are people who would throw away their deep roots
For some ignorant women, who they barely knew
Friends are people who tell you they love your mixtape lying to your face like "Bro this really rides I love it!"
(Dude your tapes fire)
But you don't even know the title of it
Friends are people who will hear this song and call each other right away, just to say:
"Evonte made another song, he's so gay, he's so lame, the fakest person in the world!
He's a loser, he's a joke, he's just a little girl."
Or maybe they won't bother to listen...
We've been talking bout an intervention...
Forget the intervention listen to this message instead!
Cause I know everything I say will never get to your head!
Just know I truly mean, every word, in this song, that I have said
And from the bottom of my heart I've never been, so upset
So obsessed, with the fact, that I am always left out
Friends are those, who made me cold, put me on my next route
Time for me to let go, stand, with my chest out
Chaos 2.0 edition, time to be the best now
Friends are people who make fun of everything I do
I dedicate this song to my friends
I never want to be like you

You ain't a gambler...you never was