DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Breez Evahflowin', Poison Pen, and C-Rayz Walz - “Handle Your Business”
[Emcee(s): Breez Evahflowin', Poison Pen, and C-Rayz Walz]
[Producer(s): DJ Premier (Original Instrumental from M.O.P. - "Handle Ur Bizness (Premier Remix)")]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Breez Evahflowin']
“On the Mic” revenge.  Yo

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’]
Now we
Came with the rhymes and grooves, and y’all bit
Our style.  Until my word to the beat, y’all, we gon’
Rise to the o-
-ccassion

[Verse 1: Breez Evahflowin']
You want
To bite, bitch?  Get the dick—bite this.  You know
The drill, kid.  The Stronghold mic fist might get
The treatment it’s been thirsting for.  First of all
Don’t act deaf like you ain’t heard.  Don’t act like
You got the breath to exchange words.  Don’t act like
You fly bird on my word—pluck and burn
Fuck this Earth.  Not much concern for your eating well
If you guilty, your sleeping tells
Beeping bells going off from your self-righteous showing off
Blowing off the layman, complaining while you gaining
I’m aiming like the rock of David and peel your wig like
A Garcia Vega—any time, any era
Do I need to make this any more clearer?
When you see me, holler
Stronghold roll swole with the force of men.  I fucking
Got back like double dorsal fins

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and (Poison Pen)]
Now we
Came with the rhymes and grooves, and y’all bit
Our style.  ‘Til my word to the beat, y’all, we gon’
Rise (to the o-
-ccassion)

[Verse 2: Poison Pen]
Yo, yo, dude, watch
Your mouth.  Stronghold, that’s a whole bunch of niggas
Cross my meridian, you’ll get blown to oblivion
My committee gets deeper as we speak
They respect my gangster and my jailhouse physique
Froze y’all shades on.  We’re the Gramercy Riffs
You’re yelling, “Fuck Pen”?  I’ll show up on your shoot and turn
Your video into a snuff film, run up on you in
Mach 3, shit, break the time-space continuum
Poison pendulum.  Fuck being broke and real
Leave you doubled over, messy.  Catch it in your mouth like
SisQó doing Pepsi.  You won’t win.  I’ll beat
The shit out you, feed it back to you, then beat the shit out you
Again.  You think I’m playing?  Yo, I don’t
Work in parka rubbers, I don’t own no Sega
Rewrite the wrongs as triple feature.  The only time I’ll bite
My tongue is if I’m catching seizures.  Yeah

[Hook: Breez Evahflowin’ and (Poison Pen)]
Now we
Came with the rhymes and grooves, but y’all bit
Our style.  Until my word to the beat, y’all, we gon’
Rise (to the o-
-ccassion)

[Verse 3: C-Rayz Walz]
Because of my
Freestyles, my collabos are classics
What I’m writing give me a license to smack kids
When I grasp this, start flaming without the matches
Snuff emcees with “Degrees” of mathematics
“WhoDaFuckAreYou?”  Ask your moms.  She copped The Prelude
Full frequencies, Number 5.  Stay tuned
Bringing new views, WPIX flow, but
“What’s your opinion?  We’d like to know.”  Ayyo
The rhyme session turn mics to Smith & Wessons
The slang like Pootie Tang and abstract suggestions
An Unknown connection make the fake disappear
Y’all the type to bite from the front, take it in the rear
I swear I don’t give a fuck this year
When I say, “Stronghold!” throw your chick in the air
Stronghold!  The floor hits you can’t afford, bitch.  Catch me in
The office with Halle Berry eating my swordfish
I’ll let you kick your verse and kick your ass for the chorus
You got to bite my flesh just to say you spit the rawness
We drop shit.  Y’all assholes sit on the toilet, looking for
Another dick so y’all could run and get up on it
You know who knows your name.  I don’t want to call it
When your album dropped, I ignored it.  Only the wack stores bought it
Stronghold, Brick logo vice-grip, spit enormous
Here’s the portrait: we ring bells.  Your brain cells still dormant
Y’all don’t want to go to war.  I’ll change tanks to Walkmans
When you ball, we box out like stainless coffin
We John Blaze and Jim Flame often.  Caution
We’re “Specialists” at hot track endorsements.  Still
“On the Mic” like six champion rings in Chi Town
“Challenge Me.”  It’s OK to die now
You smell me—if not, I’ll break your nose.  We’re cold-hearted
Now start frostbiting these flows
Breez Evahflowin’, C-Rayz, Poison Pen
“On the Mic” revenge, bitch.  Bite it again