[Intro: Big Shug]
One two one two.. Yeah! Yeah! Just test, runnin see what's good
Yeah man hardbody man
Niggas be thinkin man that you hardbody cause you be
Gettin steroids and liftin' weights off your chest and such
Hardbody is emotions man where we come from man
That's how we left it, uh huh!!

[Verse One: Big Shug]
I was beat at a young age
So everyday I walk around in a black rage
Burned in my arm are street stripes
I only bleed rhymes that reflect that street life
The grim reaper I give and take life
For me to lie on the microphone it wouldn't be right
I get it poppin when the weapons are louder
My hands the permanent smell of smoke and gun powder
From New England but fuck that clam chowder
You could make it rain, but I'm a make it shower
Serve nothin' but fishscale and rock powder
Hardbody by the minute hardbody by the hour
Battle rhymes or spoken word
The outcome nigga, you two times herb
Belly of the beast, or the placenta
I'm the reason why mad niggas, walk around with dentures
Hardbody with a blue steel feel
Black gat called Dave spray Copper around the field
Hardbody turn you to cold body
Then I go to the bar and sip coke with lime Bacardi
While my niggas in the back, cuttin' your body

[Interlude: DJ Premier Scratching] (Fat Joe)
H-H-Hard-Hard-Hard-Hard-"LL Cool J"
Hardbody-body-"Big Shug" (Coca! Chrills Mania B.X. T.S.)
(Follow the dons and models it's on!)
H-Hard-H-Hard-H-H-H-Hard-Hard-"LL Cool J"
Hardbody-body-"Big Shug" (PREME! SHUG!)

[Verse Two: Fat Joe]
Hardbody, Godbody the realest ever
Just ask Preme if I bring the Terror
Squeeze the mental until it's no forever
Used to like the Glocks but the chrome is better
Ha Ha! I'm just an old school cat
With an old school gat, that'll fold you back
Them niggas get it poppin should've told you that
Don't make me push your spine where your vocals at
Ha! (H-H-Hard-"LL Cool J" Hardbody-"Big Shug) I mean you fuckin with Coca
Arms in the sky when the don got the toaster
I blacks out like a G is supposed to
Stretch niggas out like Rosa Acosta (H-H-Hardbody-"Big Shug")
You ain't even close homey
Nigga bettin' millions on the horses and ponies
Everybody real but the odds is they phony
'Bout to rape the game like Mike did to Sony

[Interlude: DJ Premier Scratchin]
H-H-Hard-body-H-H-Hardbody-"Big Shug"

[Verse Three: Lil' Fame]
My local game's official, bring that shit
I got a dead arm like the Ying Yang Twin
But today's motto pour the liquor from the bottle
It's an everyday thang here today gone tomorrow
When Fame walks in you feel the presence of a don
When I shoot the gift it's the presence from the chron
Yes I stress that
The last place you stand is the place you'll be left at
Expect that!!!

[Verse Four: Billy Danze]
You new wave niggas! Are the spittin image of a pawn
I'm a knight, hardbody like them niggas in the yard
You light! You niggas ain't about to cause harm
To a Bin Laden type rapper nigga with his clapper with him
Highly respected good nigga in the town
When you G'D UP!!! (BUCK BUCK BUCK BUCK BUCK BUCK!!!) Shut 'em down!!!
(EASE UP!!!) We don't give a fuck shut 'em down!!!
Big Shug's with me Danze niggas can't forget me hardbody!!!

[Outro: DJ Premier]
H-Hard-Hard-Hard-"LL Cool J"
Hardbody-"Big Shug"
Hard-H-Hard-Hard-Hard-"LL Cool J"
Hardbody-"Big Shug"
Hard-Hard-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-H-Hard-Hard-"LL Cool J"
Hardbody-"Big Shug"