[Intro: Teflon talking]
Yeah. This is some back in the days shit. (Let's take 'em back Tef) A shout out to the true pioneers. Biz Markie. Big Daddy Kane. Thorough shit. Union Square. I'mma fuck with this y'all. Check it. Uh. Check me out

[Verse One: Teflon]
Yo, I'm the rap promoter
Start the motor
Come out of Brook'nam, Brownsville, Saratoga
Used to mix the fish scale with Baking Soda
As a young child build a criminal folder
Did a bid, got shot, got stabbed, got colder
Got sick from tryin' to carry the world on my shoulder
Once knew a girl by the name of Roda
Borrowed a buck from her, fucked her, ducked her, I still owe her
Put me on your recorder, I'm a great flower
When I run for prez you best be a voter
Rapid fire don, black fire arm toter
Catch wreck, look, put this in your text book quotas
I can start a Star Wars, kidnap Yoda
Hijack Jehovah and bring the world to a closure
All in one breath, yep nigga it's Tef
Solitaire, I'm outta here, peace, nice to know ya

Ayo Krumb
My man my mellow
Hop up on this bitch and spit it straight ghetto

[Krumb Snatcha]
Too many people in the world done changed
Now-a-days to get your point across you hijack planes
Make me wonder for the future of our children
If they ain't even safe inside the states biggest buildings
Got me down to my knees, praying and coppin' these pleas
Lord I'm stoppin' these seeds and make the heart in them breathe
Mo' easy
The time is now, best believe me
So where ever my gun clutch, it get lit up like a dutch
And get backed up by the world's most prominent cuts
Over legendary beats, reach penitentiary streets to rooftops
Plus I spit it till the booth hot
And every breath when I'm rockin' with Tef
It's like it's the last night and the last mic left
Hold on and feel the turbulence, police they wanna murder kids
Witness one drop in the spot after the burner hits
Bloody chest, projects, new wars and more
We all got a choice, that's what the voice is for
Fucker

[Teflon]
Yeah faggot, there you have it
Spittin' ridiculous is a habit
Try me, slip up and get ripped up and embarrassed
And I bang the ratchet, nope I can't have it
C'mon nigga, ya done picked the wrong nigga to clash wit
And rumor has it, y'all been robbin' the game for too long now
Niggas is tired, it's time for a change
And all y'all niggas sound the same
All boring and plain
Y'all motherfuckers is spoiling the game
O
[Outro: Krumb Snatcha]
Hold on Tef, hold on Tef. Stop the tape, stop the tape. Chill, chill, chill, we buggin' yo. Ayo, we just fuckin' around yo