[Verse 1]
Hello my name's Cannon
Van City kid with a Van City passion
And the flow contains that shit
That's really sick, talking that's really classic
So educated, no reservations
I just wander and ponder about the mess you making
I just want to conjure images of desolation
And show real. You know these flows kill
You'll need resuscitation or you best be goners. Guesstimating that the guest of honour's
Chest is racing, so let's be honest of problems they left upon us
I'm chronically cynical, obviously pitiful
Wishing I could write for Pitbull to make a bit of dough
Meantime, it is what it is and what it is is just what it always has been
I seem fine, yea but I'm passing out drunk in the hallway again
It's dream time. Don't worry 'bout me, I'm about to ascend.  Just watch...

Yo I told these motherfuckers just watch me, cause I'm 'bout to make a million, yea.  A million
Yea, I said I'm 'bout to make millions.  I'm talking millions and millions and...

[Chorus]
Cause Imma make a million tracks, million stacks
Although many affiliates feeling this, this feeling is whack
I could play a million shows, but already I know
For every million fans, man there's a million foes

[Verse 2]
My mind's a mile a minute with only minutes to go so
I'll finish ya. I'm the prime minister
Fried from my indica. Time to time spittin' the
Fine design, sick as the final lines given up
Listen up, when I spit raps like this fast, you get whip lash
I'm speeding, not even your syntax left intact
Get that? I doubt it. Like, what the fuck you know bout it?
This shit that O shouted left this kid astounded
He lost it, I found it. I talk this profound shit
Say my name? Shit, half the game can't pronounce it
How sick? Really sick, are you a fuckin idiot?
Bitch I'm the shit and this kid's just the shittiest
Something like Phineas Gage, the asshole
Don't complain saying I'm a crazy asshole
Just cause I hit the town and I painted that gold
By the same vein, you're a maniac, bro
Or maybe I'm crazy because of the visions of grandeur
Damn, you're just a man on a mission
You're wishing for an answer while you're cannabis ripping
Position Cannon at the top of Canada spitting about...

[Chorus]
A million tracks, million stacks
Although many affiliates feeling this, this feeling is whack
I could play a million shows, but already I know
For every million fans, man there's a million foes
My mind's a mile a minute with only minutes to go so...
Yea, I said my mind's a mile a minute with only minutes to go, yea