[Hook:]
Some for the content; all for delivery;
Pick apart a rapper Vic'll heart attack 'em visibly
Serious as serious does, collective wisdom;
Rushed over to Premier for The Exorcism

[Little Vic:]
Speak your mind, never get too scientific
I'm a flying discus over ya hat, and I ain't fixed to collab
The kind of fix only to keep 'em coming back;
Slamming the MP will have 'em humming that, yeah
They wanna know, "Whatchya name?" "Where ya come from?"
"What's the game plan?" Same path, for the lump sum!
Straight from Long Island, gunning for the mass appeal;
Big sword, only a half a shield — catch up
Vic arrives without breaking stride, without
Missing I'm taking lives
See I did it for years and years, keep a place inside
To the game that ya'll patronize
Who ya facing? I — V-I-C, mindstate Bonaparte,
My pen hits the canvas to brandish you owing hearts
Still we building, keep the streets lateral
Preem brought it outta me, now I bring it out outta you:
The Exorcist

[Primo's bridge, scratching throughout, x2:]
It's the real ill
It's the real ill, microphone enhancer
Pass me the mic, guaranteed I'll rock it

[Little Vic:]
Uh! I fade the charge like I'm Tony Ducks
It's only us, the power, the dollar, what holds me up
Like a coward's revolver you fold under pressure;
Marciano punchlines, I throw one to test ya chin
Waiting to blessed again?
The Exorcist, melt tracks down and necks'll spin, uh
"Why you flow so fly?" "I show both sides,"
"Disrespecting the game and I Don't. Know. Why."
Something you don't wanna battle with;
Vic is on the haggling shit
Changing the rules; I'm the catalyst whose
Dis-embarrassment, kick a rhyme for us
I do it for gun, hooptys, '89 Taurus
—there you go. Here I come, feared by some
Spitting fire seared my tongue, hereby drunk
Like I haven't hit, puberty how clear I come
The Radicals, Little Vic, Primo, draw it outta you:
The Exorcist

[Primo's bridge, scratching throughout:]
It's the real ill
It's the real ill, microphone enhancer
Pass me the mic, guaranteed I'll rock it

[Little Vic:]
Lord Jesus, save us from the fires of hell
Save us from all our desires as well;
Cause I ain't, tryin' ta get popped or die in a cell
I'm not tryna ta keep options for clientele
Cause these streets kept me locked without applying help
Young'uns looking up to me, I rock Orion's Belt!
They said: The psycho's diary might inspire me
He use his own sick words to fight anxiety, yeah
But you have no clue what it's like inside of me;
Looking for a way out and it's frightening, I agree!
Come one, come all; flood all battle crews
Preem brought it outta me, now I bring it out outta you:
The Exorcist

[Primo]
It's the real ill —
It's the real ill, microphone enhancer
Pass me the mic, guaranteed I'll rock it