DJ Unknown & DJ Mekalek ft. Word A' Mouth - “Up Against the Wall Hallucination”
[Emcee(s): Mr. Metaphor and Block McCloud]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 1: DJ Premier (Original Instrumental from Group Home - "Up Against Tha Wall (Getaway Car Mix)")]
[Producer(s) of Instrumental 2: Evil Dee (Original Instrumental from Smif-N-Wessun - "Hellucination")]
[DJ Mix: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]
[Scratches: DJ Unknown and DJ Mekalek]

[Intro: Word A’ Mouth]
Block McCloud: Hahahahaha.  Yeah.  No doubt.  Yeah.  Yeah, yeah.  What?  Back together, baby.  Yeah.  Yo
Mr. Metaphor: Hahaha.  Word A’ Mouth.  Metaphor.  Building Block.  Will Tell.  Yeah, we’ve been working.  You better watch out, son, for the album

[Verse 1: Mr. Metaphor]
Ain’t nothing
Fake here, sonny boy.  The game is real
It’s like I speak with my hands ‘cause I say what I feel
Feel what I’m saying?  I just want to pay for my meals
I want a house with a lawn where my neighbors can chill (Chill)
I’ll spit movie flow longer than The Color Purple
That’s why outlasting me’s like drawing a square circle
It could never happen.  Metaphor stay forever rapping
I get hype on a crowd like I was Jesse Jackson
Sell a few dimes and nicks for some petty cash and
Never stop rhyming ‘bout chicks ‘til I’m steady smashing
Come strong if y’all want a reaction.  Y’all get
All torn in unorderly fashion.  Check
New York One.  I’m the Man of the Week.  I’ll roll
To clubs with my dogs who don’t bring sand to the beach
I’ll spit saltwater, keeping fans afloat, but when
I start overflowing, better land a boat because
I’ll leave you shipwrecked, all blown apart.  I got
Rappers seeing doubles like Noah’s Ark.  You know
You dime-piece mamis better hold your heart
‘Cause when it fall out your chest, it’s gon’ roll to Marc
M-to-the-A-R-C.  Don’t wear it out.  I know
Cats that’ll rob your shirt and wear it out
Duke, better hold your tongue.  I’ll tear it out
And stick your eyes through your teeth—now watch your mouth
Met

[Verse 2: Block McCloud]
Yo, yo
I’m dangerous like the judge that return from chambers
And find for the plaintiff—you’re doing time for ages
I’m dangerous like a bump-and-grind with AIDS patients with
Abrasions.  Dangerous like racist slave ships filled with Asians
Dangerous like rapists chasing eight chicks with
Grey tits, taped ankle, taped wrist
Dangerous like angel dust
Dangerous like a razor’s dust—your face’ll gush
I’m harmful like a two-legged barstool
Harmful like a darn fool who drink and drive a carpool
I’m hazardous like an assassin’s bliss.  I’m bad
For kids—my music make ‘em slash their wrist.  Yo
I’m ruthless, beat ‘em out toothless with my two fists
Like Brutus.  I’m straight-up stupid—call me “Doofus”
You’re olive oil, pushing up daisies in a pot of soil
Block’s a royal pain in the ass.  So hot, I’ll boil brains
Sick of you bitches who make life miserable
Sipping chicken zoo.  Straight out the physical by making you lick my boot
You’re despicable.  Tied my ridicule to middle school
You’re miniscule.  I’ll pity the fool.  You’re pitiful
I’ll make you give up your jewels in Liverpool with my tool
Gag you with a silver spoon, dead you in your living room
Feel like the fate’s against me since my data entry say
You tempt to break-and-enter when my plate is empty
Evil men coerce.  You do crimes to quench your thirst
Temperatures rise.  Tempers burst.  I went berserk
I’m life’s most offensive curse.  I’m sensitive with four
Fake friends and burst, dispense the worst, hurt like emperors
Representer kept it at the epicenter
Desperate measures, men deaded like [?]
Dead forever when heads get severed on the job.  Rob you
Like a common slob, throw you overboard like Amistad
I can’t get ate—I’m Ramadan.  Fast to shit on emcees
Like I’m [?]

[Outro: Word A’ Mouth]
Block McCloud: Block.  Yeah.  Word A’ Mouth, Word A’ Mouth, yo.  DJ Unknown, DJ Mek, you heard?  We’re coming.  Hahahaha
Mr. Metaphor: Word A’ Mouth on the run.  Coming at you.  Brrat!  Brrat!