[Intro: DJ Premier & Evidence]
I'm on the Evidence Project too
We just did a banger
It's gonna be coming through
Microphone check 1, 2

[Chorus]
Who's the one that's been running the race? Me
Who's the one that's been running in place? You
And who's the one you tried to find, so tough
But the whole time, sitting right in front of your face? Yes

[Verse 1]
I'm on another level, I mean another label
Players don't die, we try our luck at other tables
And when I lose, I learn – I'm still winning major
I jump forward then back and through the missing stages
A perfect day to make a perfect entrance
A perfect sentence, I can't perfect
But I just keep pushing pencils, no fake trace stencils
Do it all by hand so they have respect
I know the feeling when you're dealing with accomplishments
Wishing they would diss you
Instead they give you compliments
That's what made you who you are, not what you became
Part of being a star is getting burned in flames
Kind of ill, the mind's a trip
20/20 when we broke but blind when rich
I just see it as a sign but kept rhyming instead
And keep lighting up these pads like Simon Says

[Chorus]
Who's the one that's been running the race? Me
Who's the one that's been running in place? You
And who's the one you tried to find, so tough
But the whole time, sitting right in front of your face? Yes

[Verse 2]
One's a lonely number, two's the first loser
So how the fuck can you win and become a drug abuser?
Slappin' these beats, I'm no snoozer
Six million ways to die, go ahead and choose one!
We from the same block, but all we getting is the same guap
I think one of us needs to shine
Only room for one, one of us needs to go
Sink a boat and only one'll survive
Caution at the wheel, Westside when I drive slow
First sign of tidal waves when you see the tide low
Wanted for murder and theft, they said I'm liable
I shot the sheriff but didn't steal his rifle
I can't define what's real and what's imagination
Since I signed that deal before my graduation
I went from running track and field to tracks with feel
To Grammys with Ye before Late Registration

[Chorus]
Who's the one that's been running the race? Me
Who's the one that's been running in place? You
And who's the one you tried to find, so tough
But the whole time, sitting right in front of your face? Yes

[Verse 3]
Fast-forward: No kids, one car, no Rollie
One crib, trips to Chile with kush in the Philly
Every journey starts with one step, that's on me
One foot in front of the other like, "Come on, feet!"
One life, one love, bat a G for one glove
For Mike rest in peace, shot a bullet from one snub
I keep it pushin' as one does, you only get one shot
One glance, one chance at one buzz
One never knows hopes and dreams
The farther we fly, the closer it seems
Back to the one squared
All I need in this life is one snare
One mic, direct flights and Nike One Airs
One of a kind, still one to my grind
One time for your motherfucking mind
When I flow, know that the rain soon comes
See, you might win some, but you just lost one

[Chorus]
Who's the one that's been running the race? Me
Who's the one that's been running in place? You
And who's the one you tried to find, so tough
But the whole time, sitting right in front of your face? Yes