Mustard on the beat, hoe!
It's killa, you know I won't change up
Raised around the real drug dealers and bangers
You niggas ain't really from the set man you claimers
It's just me bone & baby C twisting our fingers
You don't want to meet the savior
I hang a nigga up like a hanger
Gun, knife or a razor
Blue dickies, Chuck Taylors
You don't want to shoot it out, that's on flaco
I feed a nigga shells like Dell Taco
I tried tell you, you don't wanna squabble
I tried to tell you, you don't want no problem
I've been from the set, I've been from the gang
And I don't know you niggas, I don't know you niggas' names
You ain't from my side, I don't know the side you claim
And I never heard of you, but I know you've heard of me!
'Cause I've been from the gang, been from the gang
'Cause I've been from the gang, been from the gang!
And I can put that on cedars
Frogg RIP used to put that on cedars
Red strings in my chucks tho
All my niggas cut crack, cutthout
If you don't bleed seven days stop bitchin
You a buster, the type, the homies make bust a mission
And that's how they start snitching
Now yo homie need a lawyer, cause the DA got witness
God damn! That's some f*cked up shit
When niggas go to jail, that's when homies f*ck your bitch
I'm a West Side T-hat wearing motherf*cker
Bust a mission in the rental, not caring motherf*cker
What's Brackin? My nigga RJ bang anthem's
And killa bang 40's see that's why I'm spoety
In the hood you turned down if you ain't did shit
And every blood nigga got a crip bitch
In highschool you wasn't banging, nigga
You was turning into homework getting graded nigga
You're the type to hit the county and get faded, nigga
'Cause all your statements, you stated, you was statin nigga
Snitch
I've been from the set, I've been from the gang
And I don't know you niggas, I don't know you niggas' names
You ain't from my side, I don't know the side you claim
And I never heard of you, but I know you've heard of me!
'Cause I've been from the gang, been from the gang
'Cause I've been from the gang, been from the gang!
Check me out!
Look, I came in this shit on my own talk
Pull up in the dealership with my own load
Pull off from the dealership in some new shit
Pull up at the club and get a new bitch!
Real, I like niggas that's to the core
Show you how to do it, get money from off the floor
Travel around the world, the avenues I explore
I double up all my dollars and bulletproof all my doors
SLs and CLs and five-fifties
600s I'm blunted as young Nipsey
Bulletproof when I push, can't miss me
That all black thing with IR so where the tents be?
Oh, still posted on the block, though
Boulders in my jeans then it's nuts bro
Diamonds in my eardom, it's rocks bro
A nigga like me, you is not though
Throw money over everything, that's the motto
Got the flow down, pack, now wallow
Got a nigga sounding like a champ
Only Benjamins and Grants if you tell me what I can
I'm a show you, better than I can tell you
Better yet I'm a sell you
Game that I prepare you
Cause all the side-talking my nigga, ain't necessary
You freeze in situations, ain't nothing much I can tell you but
I've been from the set, I've been from the gang
And I don't know you niggas, I don't know you niggas' names
You ain't from my side, I don't know the side you claim
And I never heard of you, but I know you've heard of me!
'Cause I've been from the gang, been from the gang
'Cause I've been from the gang, been from the gang!
A hats I'm from Athens
And a choppa, turn the block into a fraction
Tee lee's niggas bang with a passion
Nigga San Pedro brackin!
You ain't from the game, you ain't an enemigo
Rip C Lo man J be low amigo
Die for this shit, got a death wish
Don't wife that bitch, she on the set dick
I know, we be getting that gando
Draw the pistol, I pay for pictures, I go Picasso
Tu tu them guns off, keep coming like slide shows
All my momma amo celebrating cause not home
Roll the dice in the villas
You can lose your life in a milis
I'm on my APs and Qs, got A keys, A streets and pools
I've been from the set, I've been from the gang
And I don't know you niggas, I don't know you niggas' names
You ain't from my side, I don't know the side you claim
And I never heard of you, but I know you've heard of me!
'Cause I've been from the gang, been from the gang
'Cause I've been from the gang, been from the gang!