[Hook: E-40 and 'Hoes']
Uh-iz-I-iz-I-should I save her?
I want to be saved!

[Verse 1: B-Legit]
It's 1993 and niggas need to miss me be savin' these hoes
You know how these tricks be, be buyin' 'em clothes
Wanna taxi hoes on vogues with the beat
And have 'em sittin' next to 'em in the front seat
But not B see I'm a hog up out the V
And my motto, is fuck a ho and hit the throttle
To the smoke talkin' on my Okie doe
World wide I got a clydes up in Tokyo

[Verse 2: E-40]
Look up in the sky it's a bird it's a plane
What's that nigga's name?
Captain save a ho, mayne!
More faster than a speeding bullet
To put on his cape his card
I pulled it fake the fake the funk the funk
To me that's not the way to do it
Captain muthafuckin' Save a Ho came to me
Flexin just like a little ol' bitch
All up in front of my company
Had to check his ass with an ear check thump and punk him
Talkin' to him while I'm beatin' his ass
Pumpin' fear talkin' bout nigga you gone retrospect somethin here

[Hook:]

[Verse 3: D-Shot]
Mr. super trick Mr. super snitch
Yeah, you wanna kill me cuz I fucked ya bitch
You should've had your cape on tight that night
Cuz a nigga like the Shot sho plugs 'em right
And now yo bitch is straight callin' me lovin' me
On the under for the porno star that I be
And don't you come in my face with that trick shit
You better try some more shit

[Verse 4: E-40]
I got the gift to grab any bitch
That I want but I don't
Cuz bitches now a days will get you caught up in some funk
Oh no, I'm not tryin' to save you hoes 'n
How come when I was broke you wasn't brown nosin'?
The other day you see me smobbin' down Magazine
With some ol' nigga in your car lookin' at me mean
I stopped in the middle of the street
Reached under seat to grab my heat
Man that's the same motherfucker
That I got into it with at the club last week

[Verse 5: B-Legit]
Man them niggas can't fade
They bitch made
And so they start
But niggas with no heart
Don't want no part, to this
Nigga rollin' with the Funk Mobb
And when it's funk
The pump will spit them double laws
So what you doin' when we roll through you hideout
I let my mack get off and then I rides out
With your ass there smokin' like an incense
You savin' hoes nigga and that's bitch shit

[Hook: E-40 and 'Hoes']
Ah is a, Ah is a, Should I save her?
I want to be saved!

[Verse 6: Suga-T]
I'm crossin' up niggas and bitches
And even snitches just for my riches
Captain Save A Ho
I ain't got no problem with that ol shit
I gives a damn as long as he's payin'
It ain't my fault because he's sprung off my land
I'm takin GA checks, go to the bank Hank
If your breath stank, you get ganked main
Long as a trick comes fallin' down
That gets me all the sets to put on my suit and clown

[Verse 7: E-40]
But make that nigga take care your kids
Make that nigga call your kids his
Make that nigga get out there and work
Make his ass buy you a Dooney & Burke
It's all part of that nigga take care of me
Pussy whipped nigga come save me
Bitches out there be on the look out
For Captain Save a Ho
Cuz he's savin hoes

[Hook: 4x]

[Captain Save a Ho]
Fuck that what they talkin' about
I save a ho yeah
Yeah baby, what's up? you wanna get your nails done?
Come on let's go down to Lee and Kim Nail's
We can get your nails done, get your hair done
What about your kids? How many kids you got? Two?
Ah, that's cool, yeah we can go feed and clothe them kids
We can go down and get the hook up at Durant Square
Yeah baby I do anything for ya
Want you phone cranked on, I can get it cranked on to my name
Matter of fact I'll get you a cellular phone and a pager
We can get that package deal down there at Cellular One
Baby I'm here for you I got you