[E-40]
C-L-I-C-K
Shit don't stop, S-M-O-B
Smob shit
Check it
V-Town in this bitch
Studio Ton

I'm in some deep shit
Got some niggas from another click
On that ass tryin' to run me off the fuckin' cliff
What should I do, where should I go, how could I fake 'em?
Bust a bitch on that ass and try to shake em' and bake 'em
Call up cousin B on the faulty mcnaulty
"Cousin B, I'm in a little bit of trouble
Fool an' them out here tryna turn your kinfolk into a vegetable"
But I'm hecksa-smart smebbin' high performance Dodge Dart
They in a Buick Skylark

[B-Legit]
Meet me at the fo', niggas
Got to go, sit real low
I'm on the roof with the fo' fo', drive slow
What they ridin'? I'm aiming for they engine block
And when they stop, I'm closing down on they shop
Suga, baby, they done fucked up
Won't you wait in the cut while I bust and buck on these nuts
Fuck mercy on a nigga tryin to take mine
Mobb shit with the Click'll happen every time

[D-Shot]
Heard some shots, fireworks, fully auto chops
Sound like they come from around my corner near my knot spot
Must be folks, they done fucked around and went to war
I know the sound, that's my nigga B's fo' fo'
On the scene, they say a nigga got peeled back
A Skylark wrapped around my neighbor's Cadillac (Got eem)
A pretty sight but a nigga can't say that though
Hot ones echo through the ghetto (through the ghetto Bitch!)

[Chorus: Levitti]
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(E-40: No gat too black sent hot ones to the back)
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(B-Legit: Ridin' shotgun lettin' loose hot ones)
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(E-40: But if hot ones is fired, niggas better duck)
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(E-40: Hollow point hot ones dipped in garlic)

[Suga-T]
I'm in the underbucket blastin in the cut
It's the Glock goin' buck buck buck
I'm like 'Damn, whats up?'
I had that Glock that fit the script
Some of that high powered shit
'Cause all along I was smoking out them tricks
Hot ones echo through the ghetto lit
This way, that-a way, I split them dope fiend's twigs
It had me fucked up
PH-ing on my Click
We pound the frowns on those punk ass bitches

[B-Legit]
See your nigga B's a rider, hops inside a
7-4 Malibu with the do-dirt crew
What they wanna do?
I ain't shootin' for the stars, cars or homes
I'm from the town, leaving bodies face down
I try to stay real 'cause niggas they will
Put you in the cross, fuck around have you hauled off
I got moss with the these fools in a major way
Down and dirty to my death day

[E-40]
Gotta watch them riff raffs
Sit on the toilet when you piss-ass niggas
Wanna stop my kizash, might as well have pussy ass niggas
Hot ones echo through the ghetto, bullets ricochet
Push come to shove, better duck that ass down in the bathtub
Dope track late night, shit be poppin', business off the hook
See a basehead fiendin', foamin' at the mouth, better feed him rook
Niggas better be careful, just like jell-o, shit be goin' through metal
Sheetrock and stucco, hot ones echo through the ghetto

[Chorus: Levitti]
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(E-40: No gat too black sent hot ones to the back)
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(B-Legit: Ridin' shotgun lettin' loose hot ones)
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(E-40: Heat-seek unpredictable of hot ones)
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(E-40: Three or four more hot ones up under my belly, that's catastrophic to me)

[Outro: Levitti & (E-40)]
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(In the ghetto, bitch)
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(Where they echo at? Where they echo at, nigga?)
Hot ones echo through the ghetto
(B-Legit, you up in this bitch with me, nigga)
(B-Legit: Fa sho' boy)
(C-L-I-C-K, everybody up in this bitch)
Shit is funky, it's funky (Where at though, nigga?)
Ghetto
Better keep a trey-eight, quit the bullshit (Where at, nigga?)
Ghetto
Better be bullet-proofed out (Where at, man?)
Ghetto
Better sleep on the floor if you wanna survive (In the what?)
Ghetto
Better know about them hot ones (What?)
Ghetto
I said you better know about them hot ones (Where at though, boy?)
Ghetto
You better know about them hot ones (Where they fly at, though?)
Ghetto
'Cause ain't no names when they fly (In the what?)
Ghetto