[Verse 1 - Jarren Benton]

My daddy threw the deuces at my momma, (Deuces)
Fuck em', now we going through some commas. (fuck em')
Pop a wheelie on the fucking Yokohama
When you're in water better watch for them piranha's
Gotta keep your hand on your llama, Hasta Mañana
Nigga get to snitching like "that's him, your honor"
Brass Knuckle Benton bitch, dun dun danana!
Smelling like Dolce and Gabbana
A nigga still yelling out fuck 12
I was so low that I could touch hell
To sum it all up in a nutshell
Bitch I've been the shit since I had a high top and a ducktail
I beat the pussy up like I'm Rocky Marciano
Fresh out the ball, Alejandro, Alejandro
Eating good at Maggiano's load the pistol up with ammo
Shoot it a nigga make a scene in the soprano, (wooo!)
Lord have mercy on a nigga
Murcielago get to skirting on a nigga
Slow dead now pourin' bourbon for my nigga
A 9-5 just ain't working for a nigga
My daughter want an Iphone, son need a leap pad
About to rob a liquor store nigga in a ski mask
Fuck that now ride low with the seat back
Bad hoes give me love below like three stacks

[Hook]
I used to be hater like u, I used to be a hater like u (wooo!)
Now I got a lil' paper, too, I went and got a lil' paper too
Yamaha sitting up on one wheel, left the pussy nigga down on Stuntville
Nigga still going after 1 pill, one mill, two mill, a hundred mill

[Scotty ATL]

My momma threw the deuces at my daddy
And I was too young for a say so
Play ball, wanna be a rapper, everything you dream, end up in the streets for the peso
I ain't have a lot of beef but i stay with the [?]
Give me my Nacho like queso, nigga tough, can't say it in my face, though, no lunch but i got pay play though, fuck the fake hoes, see my daddy was player, got [?] i ain't got into some other shit, momma got tired of him saying fuck this shit, i been became a player too, no [?]
Hugging corners in the Chevy with the windows up and the AC on, with the [?] swerve on the bitch, coming for the crown, i'll take a motherfuckers couple crown too, niggas love then they turn around and down you, shit shake nigga fizzle like mountain dew
No red no [?] see a couple ya'll niggas trying do what i do, be you lil' nigga, let me do what I do, little feet can't fit in my shoes, bitch!

[Hook]