[Verse One: Danimal Lector]

Deadly assassin, grip a machete
You're ready? I'm askin', steadily slashin' and stabbin'
In an agressive fashion 'til your heads detached
And forget laughin', my friends are gaspin'
I'm like, "Look at this!"
Then took a pic to send to my penpal in Aspen, fuck rappin'
I prefer killing more, spill a whore's blood on the rug
Redrum, I'm just chillin', bored
In a silver Ford with this sword that's huge and dull
Looking for human skulls, isn't life beautiful?
Pockets full of P.E.D's and a gram of haze
Like dammit Ray, I demand you pay
For this fucking deer antler spray
Hotter than Tampa Bay, you can't relate
I'm too dope
Your bars ain't hard, retard, you're a huge joke
Reality check, don't try to battle the best
I'll shatter your chest, fuck a challenge, that's a threat
I avidly collect body parts in my bookbag
So look, fag, don't make me make you look bad

[Hook: Danimal Lector]

What the fuck are you looking at?
I could whoop that ass right now
No looking back
Matter of fact, I'mma leave with your head in my bookbag
Then show all of my friends and have a good laugh
(x2)

[Verse Two: Jarren Benton]

I got heads in my duffell bag, I fuck her and call a cab
You don't gotta go home bitch, get the fuck up out of my pad
Get the fuck up out of here, Dad, I'm grown, I ain't doing chores
I'm relaxing this fucking weekend, I'll smoke and sip a few Coors
Illest nigga around, I stick my dick in the ground
Like fuck the world, go jump in a pool of piss and drown
I'm a weirdo, I'm a loner, guess I smoked my life away
My brain is fried just like I stuck my head inside the microwave
Yeah, I like fat, white women
That can cut up watermelon, clean and cook fried chicken
Mr. Benton, that's the name
I stick a prick inside a flame
Or a gas oven up most of you rappers
Your gay, I heard the fags love 'em
Dap you, like, "What up, dawg?", then slap you
You damn stan, fuck you and you're little brother Matthew
I heard your girl blowin' dudes for a Scooby snack
Decapitate you then I put your head inside my Louie bag

[Hook: Danimal Lector]

What the fuck are you looking at?
I could whoop that ass right now
No looking back
Matter of fact, I'mma leave with your head in my bookbag
Then show all of my friends and have a good laugh
(x2)

[Verse Three: Danimal Lector]

Huh, whatcha lookin' at, ya hoodrat?
I'm crazy, I shouldn't have
This hood and mask, and bookbag
But maybe, you'll look back to the 80's
I was cooking crack as a baby
I grew up to be a screw up, can you actually blame me?
Started rapping daily mainly to focus my anger
You know, the danger when approaching a stranger
I'll slit your throat with a broken hanger
So give me ten feet of your dead meat, more or less
Get on your knees and give me that head, but see, no oral sex
I'm referring to your cranial cavity
Then I'm filleting your remains, re-arranging your anatomy
Don't hate or be mad at me
I'm just a maniac with a fixation
You're a bitch, hatin
Suck my dictation
Heartless rhymes, come from hard times
I'm actin' like shit's all fine
Stealin' your mind, cause I lost mine
So don't be fooled, I look cool, but you'll be left for dead
What are you, special ed? Who don't love gettin' head?

[Hook: Danimal Lector]

What the fuck are you looking at?
I could whoop that ass right now
No looking back
Matter of fact, I'mma leave with your head in my bookbag
Then show all of my friends and have a good laugh
(x2)