[Verse 1: Lexa Terrestrial]
Rhymes stay steamin, pen got flavor, blowing up just like i'm vapor. I'm an incapacitater, laugh as i assassinate you. Blasting acid, gats and phasers, flows like Sex, Robots & lasers.And a pink light saber, blasting my gat when they asking a favor. All these boys want a piece of my pie like "three point one four one five nine." All these hoes want a piece of my time, and so i wave "hi" hello & goodbye. They know my flow tight, my dress my whole life, digest the world like.. i'm shitting out knives cutting. Shocking the neighbors, walk into places plotting to drop bombs. i'm hotter than Hell-Raiser. it's likely that your man likes me, just might be tryna skype me nightly. Sit on my Facebook like "oh i think he like me" i'm so wifey.. she nothing like me.. thunder thighs i am striking like lightning. Not Cinderella but the shoe fits nicely.. Vampirella in the cellar gonna bite me. Ya damn right bee, hoes trying to fight me, Must-be-something-that-i-am-missing you can enlighten me. Driven like the BQE.. day n' nightly. Ass like a mountain & they all wanna hike me..

[Chorus]
Bitch i'm stunning like a Taser
Guess i'm shocking the Haters
Bitch i'm stunning like a Taser
Guess i'm shocking the Haters

[Verse 2: Jarren Benton]
Yo fuck the haters
I'll shoot a nigga with a fucking laser
POW POW get the respirators
Niggas shouldn't underestimate us
I eat the pussy then I catch you later
Mr. Benton bout to educate ya
Pain pill bout to medicate us
In the old school bumping Elevators (OutKast)
Yeah hoe, I'm about cash
Respect mine bitch I'm [?] fast
It's going down like an hourglass
Cough syrup in our glass
I'm a fucking menace down in planet earth
Before I sleep, pop a Xanax first
I'm a fucking pimp in outlandish fur
Click Clack, let the cannon burst
Yeah, these lame ass rappers in my city, ain't no nigga really fucking with me
Imma hit them with the Conan sword, hit a nigga in the neck you gon' really get a buck fifty
Extraterrestrial
Smoking on [?]
I'm the [?]
Mosh pit blast the crowd
Snatch your heart out your chest canal
Check out my melody
Fuck the game and the referee
Don't make me go pop the trunk, get the referee [?]
I'm back bitch
In the Kawasaki with a fat bitch
It's FV
Its a takeover
Its lights out with this rap shit

[Chorus]