[Hook]
Whenever they came around
Mama said "come inside right now"
She don't want me playing with the kids on the playground
They're trouble, trouble, trouble
So much trouble, trouble, trouble
Oh they're trouble
So much trouble,so much trouble

[Verse 1]
Get down or get laid down
Fuck up out my face now
VI 'til I die , bust 'til I represent for that A town
You ain't heard what your mama said?
"Get your ass off the playground!"
Super soakers no water in them, bullet shells all over the place (bloww!)
Raised right up the street
'Bout 15 minutes from the beach
Ain't no white sand in my neighborhood, just dope boys tryin' to eat
Plus your daddy ain't never been there
Real life that be
So who the hell you think is our role models when all that we see is
Thugs carrying heat
Enemies on the creep
Hanging out with the wrong niggas, now you in too deep
Can't rely on the cops cause they do most the crime in the streets
Little kids with big guns sold to them by the police
Fast dance little girls growing up to be hood rats
Bad ass teenage boys up to no good, that...
Same shit repeats every day in the hood
That's the reason why when most leave, they don't ever look back
Yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Sign says not to play here
Niggas know not to play here
When the day comes for me to have kids, trust me they ain't gonna stay here
Fuck am I supposed to raise here?
Daddy he can be anywhere
An accomplishment? That's being alive or not getting the electric chair
The shocker is these little kids got choppers on 'em, they barely 6
Niggas here think they Betty Crocker, why? They always cooking shit
Building houses, moving bricks, playing cop and robbers I only wish
Ain't no game nigga
They ain't playin' nigga
It's scary cause see the reality ever since slavery we know brutality
And it just baffled me ain't no one else nigga, we the ones hurting ourselves
Writing a rap while in the trap dodging the cops just cause we black
Dogs, cats, roaches, and rats load in the strap brrrrrrrrraaa
They scared now
I swear I see they scared now
To me it seems so weird now
How they wanna act like they care now
And there's drug money stashed all inside the couch
Mama yelling "Junior! you better get your ass inside this house!"

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Jarren Benton]
Trouble, trouble: all a nigga's seen
Low self-esteem and the streets we clean
Young niggas had to let go of their dreams
Locked in the beam he was only 16
World still turn nigga tryin' to get green
Mama had to work and my dad unseen
Lil' sister knocked up, already got 2 kids, and to top it off, she a crack fiend
Where the fuck is God? Where the fuck is God?
Life seems empty as I walk the boulevard
About to break down any minute
Feel like a nigga scarred
Stress about to pull me apart
Grandma the only one to show a nigga love
Still feel hopeless, indulged in the drugs
When I come down I'ma load up a round, put the gun to my head, let my brain feel a slug
I don't wanna live no more
I can hear death knocking at my front door
My nigga say Jay Ho don't have hope
Ashamed that my folk had to see me this low
This here shit goes on, on the daily
Mr. President hear the growl in my belly
Feel like a nigga just stuck in the gutter getting fucked by life, no KY jelly
Feel like I'm hexed I'm cast a spell, look around you , you don't have to fail
Man fuck that, got dope for sale
Maybe one day we will prevail
America's nightmare living in hell
Half of my niggas still living in jail
Where the hell the yellow brick road, can somebody please show me where the fuck they got hope for sale

[Hook]