[Intro : Duke Hodasi]
HODGangg!
So! King HOD, I'm going in
Leh go…mustard on the beat ho

[Verse 1 : Duke Hodasi]
Dope rapper, Duke Hodasi
Before you take my stuff, homie you should ask me
Got a text from this chick, who is busty
She claims she knows me, but I'm asking who is Nancy?
Dressed in red just to match my new Ferrari
I got a car now, so I'm through with taxis
Hanging around pregnant women like some would be daddies
Dreamt that, I had a mill and I blew it badly
Let’s get back to reality
Saw this fine girl, she was eyeing me
Saying I'm crumpled, come and iron me
She’s a bad girl but she acts good, that’s an irony
I ain’t an alcoholic but I spit bars
They call me lion king cos I got six scars
Animal on this beat, Batista
I got me three striped shirts, Adidas
Am a skinny dude like Khalifa
Wanna battle me, don’t come to my arena
When I'm in Namibia, I hang with Maria
She says she wants more, so I showed her Marina
Started this thing, back in ninety five
Like your face homie, I have an ugly life
I ain’t a saint though, but I hardly lie
Knew I was dope, when I was probably five

[Hook : Duke Hodasi]
Dope rapper, that’s what people are saying
I'm a dope rapper, that’s why haters are hating
I'm a dope rapper, all my homies, they hail me
I'm a dope rapper, got GOD, He never gon' fail me…HOD
Dope rapper aah, put your hands in the air, if you feeling King HOD
Dope rapper ahh, in case you didn’t know now you’ve been told
Dope rapper 3x, that’s me
Dope rapper 3x, that’s me

[Verse 2 : Duke Hodasi]
A Christian, always praising Jesus
I consult him before I make decisions
Going to Heaven, that’s my greatest vision
I used to lie a lot, but now I hate deceiving
Back in the days, I used to lie “roff”
Yesti, whiles I was playing with my IPod
Your girl called and said it’s me she was to lie on
So she came and I went in raw like a lion
Damn! I lied again
Homies be calling me the lying man
I'm so hot, like a flame
Ladies say they really like the name…HOD!
I'm so fly, Emirates
Whiles you were sleeping, I was getting paid
I don’t use the “F-Word” cos I'm celibate
Got my fingers crossed like the sign of Chevrolet
I'm the best so it’s me they emulate
People see me and go like, you are very great
I would have told you more but it’s getting late
All my bars are made of gold, Heaven’s gate
I'm not very happy cos of my attitude
One day, I will change then I will be happy dude
When I started this people said who the fuck is Duke?
But one day, even babies will know me and that’s the truth

[Interlude : Duke Hodasi]
Kwesi Arthur! I'm done
I have nothing else to say
Shouts out to everybody
Everybody supporting the movement
HODGangg. All my homies! Everybody!
Really appreciate your support
Now bring it back

[Hook : Duke Hodasi]
Dope rapper, that’s what people are saying
I'm a dope rapper, that’s why haters are hating
I'm a dope rapper, all my homies, they hail me
I'm a dope rapper, got GOD, He never gon' fail me…HOD
Dope rapper aah, put your hands in the air, if you feeling King HOD
Dope rapper ahh, in case you didn’t know now you’ve been told
Dope rapper 3x
Dope rapper 3x