[Intro: The Weeknd]
I don't got a single sober vein in my body
I don't got a single sober vein in my body

[Verse 1: The Weeknd]
Don't apologize, I quite enjoy messy
I see that bottle after bottle got you goin' crazy
And doin' shows after shows got me so lazy
So ride it out for me, and take it off for me
It's a good vibe, good vibe, good vibe
Don't you ever threaten niggas with a good time
She wanna buy a dream, I said I don't sell it
But she can rent it for a night, I don't mind, open wide
Cause all this fame, I earned it, I might as well use it
Private elevator goin' straight to my unit
All my niggas 'round me, gettin' kickback pussy
All my killas 'round me, all be hiding in Stussy
Can't nobody stop me, used to be homeless
Now that penthouse at the Ritz where my home is
Tour bus like a National Geographic
Bitches runnin' wild gettin' faded in the bathroom

[Hook: The Weeknd]
It makes me smile, it makes me smile
Cause I got it
It makes me smile, it makes me smile
Cause I got it
All the pain, sweat and tears, just to get a piece
But now we got it
Man look at the kid now, can nobody stop me?
I don't got a single sober vein in my body

[Intro: Wiz Khalifa]
*Wiz laugh*
I got a lotta cash
I don't mind spending it

[Verse 2: The Weeknd]
Do you like the way I flick my tongue or nah?
You can ride my face until you're drippin' cum
Can you lick the tip then throat the dick or nah?
Can you let me stretch that pussy out or nah?
I'm not the type to call you back tomorrow
But the way you wrapping 'round me is a prob
Ain't nobody tryna save ya
Baby, get that paper
Probably got a lot of other bitches owe you favors
Pussy so good, had to save that shit for later
Took her to the kitchen, fucked her right there on the table
She repping XO to the death
I'm tryna make these bitches sweat
I'm tryna keep that pussy wet
I'm tryna fuck her and her friends

[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign]
You gonna run it for these hunnids, girl, or nah?
Show me, is you really 'bout your money, girl, or nah?
Don't play with a boss, girl, take it all
Take it for a real one, you gon' get it all

[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
Is you really 'bout your money or nah?
Can you really take dick or nah?
Can I bring another bitch or nah?
Is you with the shits or nah?
Oh nah, oh nah
Would you ride for a nigga or nah?
Would you die for a nigga or nah?
Would you lie to a nigga or nah?
Oh nah
Can you really take dick or nah?
Can I bring another bitch or nah?
Is you with the shits or nah?
Oh nah, oh nah
Would you ride for a nigga or nah?
Would you die for a nigga or nah?
Would you lie to a nigga or nah?
Oh nah