[Insert from "Won't You Be My Neighbor?" by Fred Rogers]
It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood
A beautiful day for a neighbor
Would you be mine?
Could you be mine?...
It's a neighborly day in this beauty wood
A neighborly day for a beauty
Would you be mine?
Could you be mine?...
I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you
I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you
So, let's make the most of this beautiful day
Since we're together we might as well say:
Would you be mine?
Could you be mine?
Won't you be my neighbor?
Won't you please
Won't you please?
Please won't you be my neighbor?

[Hook: Kle Shay (Alex The Arab)]
Said I really like all my super nice neighbors
They're always so polite, letting me borrow the paper
I've been grilling outside all day with my neighbors
And I'm fairly certain that none of them are rapers
My neighbor, my neighbor! (My neighbor, my neighbor!)
My neighbor, my neighbor! (My really nice neighbor!)
My neighbor, my neighbor! (My neighbor, my neighbor!)
My neighbor, my neighbor...

[Verse 1: Kle Shay]
First things first, out of all my neighbors
My neighbor on the right is my favorite neighbor
He respects my privacy, and I borrow his paper
And I always give it back, except that time I needed toilet paper
My neighbor's always nice, my neighbor's so polite
They always keep it quiet, and bring their dogs in late at night
They park in their own driveway, and stay away from mine
And they didn't sue me when I ran over Timmy on his bike
My neighbor on the left always keep their grass cut
And my neighbor cross the street always has the best kush
My neighbors are the best, yeah everything's fine
I don't judge their homes decor, and they don't judge the rotting corpse smell of mine
We have neighborhood watch, we all have a job to do
Rob watches out for robbers, and I watch Rob's wife when she poops!
I love my neighbors!
I love that neighbor, that neighbor, that neighbor
BUT NOT THAT NEIGHBOR I KNOW YOU STOLE MY FUCKING GARDEN GNOME JANINE BURN IN HELL YOU FUCKING BITCH!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Alex The Arab]
My neighbor grills all the fake neighbors who rap
My neighbor has a fat bank, so you think he traps
My neighbor feels my flow, so he put me on the map
My neighbor gets mad when you wake him from a nap
I went over next door, and asked for some flour
I said don't worry neighbor, I'll be back in an hour
And when I come back, I'll bring you some sour
But first things first, I need to take me a shower
I live in the hood, so most of them are black
They sit on their front porch, always smoking crack
But I'm not judging, it's just the green that they lack
Yeah they got my fucking back, so I'll never call them wack
Seriously man, your dog is getting on my nerves
Don't make me come over there and shoot it with my verbs
Instead I walked over, and fed it some herb
Then it grew some wings, and flew away with the birds

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Kle Shay]
My neighbor got a truck, my neighbor got a pool
He don't invite me over to swim, but it's cool
I got drunk last St. Patty's and I shit in his filter
Drank a beer and watched him play Marco Polo with his children
Take their mail for ransom, my neighbor my neighbor
Think they might be Klan's men, my neighbor my neighbor
Fuck his wife while he's away, my neighbor my neighbor
If he got shit to say, then he ain't my neighbor my neighbor my neighbor

[Verse 4: Alex The Arab]
I couldn't really trust him, until I got to see
My neighbors won't simmer down if you fucking with me
One day this dude drove up, looking for the fee
My neighbor came around and said "Who the fuck you be?"
They got to scrappin', cause my neighbor said "Leave!"
He threw him in dirt, and said "Grow up like a tree!"
Yeah, fuck them other neighbors
I ride for my neighbors, I die for my neighbors
Fuck them other neighbors!

[Hook]