[Verse 1: Ill Bill]
Holy shit, they tried to torture me.  Three officers bleed nauseously
They eating pork and beans and involved in Pagan sorcery
Super vegan, heard your crew is beefing.  Now goons is creeping
Hebrews blacker than Zulus and guidos rocking wife-beaters
DTs rocking Fubu up in the ninth precinct
Rusty pipes, no-bar types scheming through life cheating
Seen the pig get shot in the face for the right reasons
Find a way to civilize a trife heathen
The Ill Bill collector suicide king—my sound's a hard drug
We God’s thugs popping off guns—you lost blood
Like you lost your head.  Talking to me is like having your fortune read
By a fourth-century sorcerer that tortures men
Then try to walk the subway platform with gats drawn
Like a postal worker coming home drunk and just lost his job
That’s what we dealing with in Roman times
I never liked schools.  Fucking devils always told me lies
And try to brainwash.  But read the value—everybody fucking hates cops
And if you blasted one you, gained props
Hyper shit, Roddy Piper shit, tiger type to sniper shit
Picture me selling my fly shit for five percent.  Fuck that
I be on top going for delf.  Twelve thousand units, then I sold another twelve
"I Shot Reagan" was the joint that sparked the tight chaos
Like stray shots that spray cops, break up the séance

[Verse 2: Jise One]
Ayyo white thugs is shot.  Watch war ministers spot
Many niggas are clocked out cause the undergound explore it hot
Melting pot, a vandal four-angle to stop your freight.  Fall
Forward to get the sawed-off, welcome to get your Timbs sawed
Lyric evangelist—I never turn the cheek
I tore it off the case. It ain’t sweet—sour to hot piece
Speak to hear your half-ass multiplied by two
Boo.  Niggas are anal—through the butt, they learn to chew food
Spit it out, you talk shit.  Cubed, your rhymes are obtuse
Soon, you see me split ways seven to get the high shroom
Zoom as a power.  Check your lady flashing sideways (I see you)
Battle you for the saddle, lost the rhythm to foreplay
Nasty king interpret, take delegate-passioned swimmers
Sinner to all religious sect, tremor to any bigger
Trigger to mental pistol power, shower your appearance
Clearer, shatter the nearest foul play.  Who wanna feel this?

[Verse 3: Goretex]
This is camp site.  Take my advice—this game of life
Holy nights like Hanukkah lights amid your gun fights
Tel Aviv with laser sight.  Platoon shit
Yo we move shit, left-wing cats straight out of goon flicks
So Uncle Howie gave them pigs a chase
We here to fit the states.  Glenwood projects made trainer's base
Y’all can’t emerge in a safe place
I turn energy into sensory data in high rates
W.H.T. your TVs and CDs
LSD flash, kill my landlord for seven G’s
Tangle with my clique, I’ll leave you shackled from your dick
Mexican magic—pass the peyote, an extra clip
Yo I was bred with a tortured head
Connecting with the dead.  Divide the heathens—we conquered the fled
Cashless society awaits us.  Don’t ever trace us
You bore me sort of like Kiss without the makeup

[Verse 4: Q-Unique]
Incineration of your whole Generation X
Next context sounded similar to top ten.  Must stop when
I drop panic and sink with rhyme thinking
Iceberg your brain state—got your mind sinking, "Open" like the Fat Beats sign blinking
Consider it illiterate—you can’t read between the lines
I’m ten times the pen rhymes you write on blue lines
Exaggerated existence of commercial sounds
Like pussy politicians, got political prisoners locked down
Knock down and hit you with the impact of a penny tossed off the observation deck of a skyscraper
I spy my paper like a board of secret cult
The vital data that can shatter government bodies, rock parties
Like a boulder rolling through a nightclub.  One might bug at the fact
That fourteen years of rap only got me underground dap
I’m past that like I missed my stop on the A-Train
Here’s the weight gain from the great brain
Pass the spray paint