Don't get sidetracked, c'mon. There's a million dollars in the motherfucking pocket. La Coka Nostra. We taking the motherfucking hip hop game over punching them in the eye. Yeah, I'm getting high

(Slaine)
If you ain't know homes then it might go down
La Coka Nostra, now you in the Psycho Realm
FBI got files on a microfilm
We got kids on our dick like a Michael film
No Neverland Ranch or a Running Man jam
Just a hundred-man camp go-go-gonna blam blam
R-r-running stance man with a ton of damn plants
Then get the money and scram with the gun in my pants

(Ill Bill)
Visions of pain, cut like incisions with blades
Spoke to the Devil yesterday, he put some shit in my brain
Twisted with Slaine, Manitoba sniffing the 'caine
'86, take Jordans off of kids on the train
I spit flames, spit fireballs, wire jaws
My mind stay hacked through firewalls
We causing the riot y'all
We them white boys always down to fight and brawl
Malcolm X out the window, make the rifles talk

(Everlast)
Yo I'm mad obnoxious and I'm kinda rude
Got a pocket full of money, need to strip for food
Got an airplane ticket and a new suitcase
Got a boxcutter tucked underneath my shoelace
Got my nuts up and my passport ready
Let's hit the fucking bar and see some titties already
12th and Alvarado, pull over by the wall
I'mma jump out the cab and cop this eight ball

(Sick Jacken)
Le vendí polvo a los güeros, están locos los cabrones, son los más cocodrilos del ghetto, (What'd he say?)
Serio pedo con el clavo de yeyo, gringo periquero con el chavo primero. (What the fuck is he talking about?)
Dicen que se llaman la Coka Nostra, saco un ocho, luego piden otra bolsa
Le pone a esa madre hasta que el vato choca. Surtiéndoles es La Cosa Nostra, homie

(Slaine)
You so fucking crazy I'm freaking, let's vanish
I don't even know if what he's speaking is Spanish
Puerto Rican, Japanese, Korean, or Haitian
We stick out like a sore thumb being caucasian
Chill the fuck out, Slaine! Who's in the Lincoln?

(Ill Bill)
You're coked out your face and the booze that you're drinking
Is making you p-noid, confusing your thinking
Chill out in front of Everlast, you're just gonna jinx him!

(Everlast)
Ey yo I can hear you dudes running your mouths
I got some cokehead bitches naked up at the house
We can feed em all yey and bust nuts in their mouths but I'm taking the dime

(Slaine)
I'll fuck the duck on the couch. Yo what's your name anyways? Britney? Didn't you used to work over at Centerfolds? They fired you cause you were too fat? Oh that's fucked up. You look skinny to me. You like doing coke though, right? Oh I can get you a job somewhere else. Show me your titties

(Sick Jacken)
Le vendí polvo a los güeros, están locos los cabrones, son los más cocodrilos del ghetto, (What'd he say?)
Serio pedo con el clavo de yeyo, gringo periquero con el chavo primero. (What the fuck is he talking about?)
Dicen que se llaman la Coka Nostra, saco un ocho, luego piden otra bolsa
Le pone a esa madre hasta que el vato choca. Surtiéndoles es La Cosa Nostra, homie