[Intro]
Ill Bill, Clementino Production, a mostr', napoli dan, bella fràtimo
-Vuò sapè comm' è a politic in italia?
-Accussì oh!

[Verse 1: Clementino]
Qui c'è lo stato in mano ad anime infette
Elette da cani in manette da anni di sette
Sataniche e fette di crani nelle cassette
E il mio presidente ha la falce di morte e la faccia di Hannibal Lecter
Qui c'è chi comanda amico mio
I mari e le vette, gli umani, i cecchini e vedette
Sicari, armi e baionette, appaio nelle vesti di cannibal rapper, carica il fat cap... perfect
Tatticamente, apri la mente, in città fatica niente praticamente
La mia nazione muore sotto un dittatore in nome del suo canto pure il santo protettore ha pianto tanto
Cantanapoli americano
Della migliore tradizione come il professore di vesuviano "Bravo"
N'atu Bin Laden, invade, queen mother, Martin Luther King
La Madonna piange qui, pare'
Aiutatemi!! Ramm'o beat, Ill Bill with Clementin
Artist evergreen, tra vip e bandit
Napoli, la police fa saglie a cris
Immortality!! Peace from Italy

[Verse 2: Ill Bill]
Is this the new world order of a world gone mad!
Killing machines, listen the murder rap, burn a smack teeth outta ya, mouth-down the ground. Sound of the pound, round of round be twist in up your mouth in a frown
Now these just a few thoughts from outta side of the box
They wanna murder me cause i be talkin bout them a lot
1live, 1love, 1blow, 1shot it's all it takes to silence the man but the thoughts live on
Soakin the seatm standing over your coke, your put
Over the top. I'm like the suicide exploses on your block. Another day in diary of a soldier of Jihad, every hollow tips an hapostle and the chrome is your god! They built the pyramids in Egypt. Just Moses arived open the skies spoken to Allah. Smoked ti the most high. Soak in the most lye hard to find. Jordan vibes my sneaker games slaughter guys. Dumb rappers is mortified when i rhime. It borderline's nightmares like wall of eyes, i torture minds in ways that trancend the laws of time. The laws of physics, the laws of modern propriety. Maiter of fact, fuck the law i'm at war with society. This is Ill Bill homie you know me homie top of N.Y like T.O.N.Y. i'll pop the coke on your louses, crab phonies, wanna be fonzies ain't nothing but chiachies go ask Joanet. You don't know me. Peace Clemetin, Napoli done, videomind, relief records, la coka nostra, in da place to be, this is B.I.L.L. you know me baby?