[Verse 1]
He was accepted with Harvard at sixteen, child prodigy
Math with specializing in complex analysis geometry
Earned a PHD in mathematics early
Youngest professor ever hired by UC in Berkeley
A short-lived position
He resigned in '69 with no apology, without an explanation given
Social anxiety multiplied silently
Disconnected entirely from society
Built a cabin, became a survivalist
Rejected electricity and modern sciences
He cooked his dinner in a fire pit
And watched the stars from afar where Orion sits
The wilderness where the lions live
Primitive like the times of the giant pyramids the Mayans built
Then something caused his mind to chill
A course solidified successfully the very first time he killed

[Hook]
What would you do, how far would you go ?
If you thought that you can change the world for the greater good
How would you know what’s right or wrong ?
Try to play God, mail a bomb to the CEO or the school or an airline
Do you justify murder for peace ?
Do you believe that technology is the beast?
Imagine if your iPhone disappeared, that would be weird
Could you function in a world without technology or would you be scared ?
(x2)

[Verse 2]
Exploding octopus, block buster in the 6 finger hand
Booby trap a box to shock the populace with wishful plans
Initially ignored
"Industrial society and its future", the manifesto of Kaczynski's war
Life in seclusion, rivals and bruises, rifles and UZIs
Devices with clues designed to confuse the FBI
Throw 'em off plans, blowing off hands
Blinding people first, soon the results were even worse
Became obsessed with teaching society a lesson
With home made weapons that reach society’s perception
The Washington Post and The Times finally printed his manuscript
That was the tipping point that notified his family
With suspicion leading to his arrest
His brother recognized his writing style and mission of death
Ran up in his cabin and discovered undeniable proof of his guilt
Sixteen bombs, twenty-three injured and three killed

[Hook]
What would you do, how far would you go ?
If you thought that you can change the world for the greater good
How would you know what’s right or wrong ?
Try to play God, mail a bomb to the CEO or the school or an airline
Do you justify murder for peace?
Do you believe that technology is the beast?
Imagine if your iPhone disappeared, that would be weird
Could you function in a world without technology or would you be scared ?
What would you do, how far would you go ?
What would you do, how far would you go ?

[EN COURS DE TRADUCTION]