[Sample/Hook]
Bust it, if you wanna groove
Baby, baby, bust it, if you wanna groove
Baby, baby, bust it, if you wanna groove
Baby, baby, bust it, if you wanna groove
Baby, baby, bust it, if you wanna groove
Baby, baby, bust it, if you wanna groove
Baby, baby, bust it, if you wanna groove

[Kurious]

Not a newcomer straight for the summer comes the wizard of rhymes
Kurious, how I said it, indebted because the one's
Mission's in effect, I borrow a buck
Bringing drama to you ducks, whose material suck my (DICK!)
Shit, I think I keep it sharp as a sword
Unlike a two-bit punk, in his drawers on a billboard
Calvin Klein's, no friend of mine
Kicking top choice flav, for the rock in the joint
But check the threads, your words are exclamated
Plus the bulge in my drawers will make the shit look X-rated
Knock me down with some head
Friendly to play I'm keeping pussy on lock like the ???
Hey kitty kitty, I'm fucking with your titties
Sike ya' feel silly, get directly to the nitty
Gritty shit be phat, obese without a doubt
Feel my balls ?to the wack? yup bust it on out

[Hook]
[Lord Sear singing]
Ya surely die?when you test the Lord Sear ?but the suckers? CM crew, boy
So baby bust it if you wanna feel my funk, just listen to the groove
Hey!

[Kadi]
Yes y'all, that's the call when I howl at the coyote
A simple explanation, three MCs and some forties
Damn, I know your light must be dim
Cause I'm rolling with my partner Kurious, and my nigga Grimm
Slim? Not me, so, chill with the pranks
Cause I know too many motherfuckers studio gangsters
Come on, kid, I'm pulling your card
The man with the yellow hat ain't tryna hear all that
So ?grip? stay away cause I've been known to be sick
Not only in the mind, I walk around with the ?drip?
The chicks got to have big tits, no funky armpits
And oh god, exempt from the zits
Kibbles and bits, are you a dog?
I notice you keep scheming on my Puerto Rican log
And yo' my prog-nostic is this
Punks keep acting like they think it can't happen
Coming up to me and my man, talking 'bout "yo I be rapping" (so?)
Yo, you think I give a fuck? (Hell no)
Listen to the single, punk, (WALK LIKE A DUCK!)
Call my shit dog, catching plenty mustard
Niggas stay away, but baby baby bust it

[Hook]
[Lord Sear singing]
Ya surely die?when you test the Lord Sear ?but the suckers? CM crew, boy
So baby bust it if you wanna feel my funk, just listen to the groove
Hey!
Ya surely die? when you test the [?] baby tell the CM crew, hey
The Grimm Reaper is about to rock next, ??? true, whoa

[MF Grimm/Grim Reaper]
The nine looks pretty pressed against your skull
Special hollow tips, rip flesh, plus you know the clip is full
I'm wanted for murder, with the mic in different places
Blow faces, all street battles turn to fed cases
Civilize a savage, Beauty And The Beast
On tour, music is raw so I flip like the Middle East
My brain's a ball my rhymes are flow on liquid papers
So take the music vapor as a kamikaze caper
Schizophrenic, I'm five times two
So when I shadowbox I gotta fight a whole fucking crew
Raps are rim, and the rim snaps back
But I attack rap and rip it down like i'm Shaq
Rappers talk shit, I smack one, attack one
Turn pretty brown eyes into swollen, ugly, black ones
You can be a anti Grimm Reaper fan
With your ?brain is still all haunted? cause my voice is Iran
With the mic I flip like a phone on ?earth?, fuck that
I'm killing rappers that I've known since child birth
Mentally, physically, balance out the same
Stephen King's brain combined with Bruce Lee's frame
The one man Little shop of horrors
The end of your world is today, cause there is no tomorrow
So do the right thing, don't scheme, I roll with a team
Fuck around and get CHOKED like Radio Raheem

[Hook]
[Lord Sear singing]
Watch the soundman a tremble
Watch the soundman a 'fraid
Watch the soundman a tremble
Watch the soundman a 'fraid
I'll let you listen to the funk now
It's Lord Sear on the board
Oh why you wanna rock now
???, hey
??? with big Kadi, ??? Steve-O
And DJ Lord Sear rocks the house ???
So come, so come check me on out
Straight from uptown, it's DJ Lord Sear
Up in here, ??? the forty appear ??? get live
???
Take it away, from the S-T-E-V-E, dash with the O, and ???
Now peace out, to all crews in effect
???