[Intro: Sadat X]
Yeah, check this out, y'all, Sadat X, Mike G, Kurious Jorge
And the whole squad up in here, what? Listen, listen, it's thick
No doubt, it's goin' on, it's goin' on, it's goin' on, it's goin' on
It's goin' on, it's goin' on, it's goin' on, it's goin' on, it's goin'
Listen (what?), listen (what?), listen (what?)

[Verse 1: Sadat X]
I came to do this right here for my main man Jorge
Said bring the old school, so I wore some leather Docs
Sadat X right here, from the 120 blocks in Harlem
Uptown breeds stardom

[Verse 2: Mike G]
Mike G, JB's, puff the L, get steamed up
The honey gets creamed up because the Jimmy had the dream to
Write the rhyme, rip the beat up
That Uptown shit will make you ampede up, yo, yo

[Verse 3: Kurious]
Yo, yo, get with this shit, it's the hit to make you fumble
Just a Nubian Constipated Monkey in the Jungle
Humble rap, peep the thermostat, shit be hot!
Kurious the magician got a mansion and a yacht

[Hook]
We came to rock it, don't stop it
'Cause the party has begun
So, come on females get on the dance floor
And let the fellas have some fun!

[Verse 4: Kurious]
Now, check it out
My dimension's exquisite, I invite you to visit
Is it the shit that I be doin'?
Brewin' in your crew with my rhyme blizzard
Hit you in the head, can't stop it
Droppin' jewels like a thief with a hole in his pocket

[Verse 5: Mike G]
No doubt, remedies, antidotes cut throats, choked
From her be hands hittin' your throat, don't front, check your coat
We came to have a ball, Sadat X on point
May- maybe your call

[Verse 6: Sadat X]
It's like water-clear flows, the group that I take
Can't be taken by a softball, heads and locals
Run up on prime stock, who's down 'round the clock?
Rarely weed smokin', never catch pocket dread
Mine be lined with the thing for the head, it's like that, yo

(Riggghttt!!)

[Hook]
We don't wanna be left behind
All we wanna do is just blow yo' mind
We don't wanna be left behind
All we wanna do is just blow yo' mind
Just one mo' time

[Verse 7: Sadat X]
Here we go like this, check it
It's gettin' late and I'ma burst
I gotta get uptown to my own compound
Give a call to my lady, heat up the dinner
Hey Jorge, you know how we do, I'ma see you in a few
Mike G, my man, it was great
Peace to New York State and hard workin' New Yorkers
Step on the trash talkers with a pair of British Walkers
Sadat X, I got the fright of pride
My shit is hot, kid, think not?
From Melrose to Patterson, Lexington to Madison
Mecca on 8th, the 45th on the corner
All gettin' props, the kid with black Nike high tops
The veteran of the Coltrane strain (what, what?)
I like to rhyme and then to drive in the rain

[Verse 8: Mike G]
Come on, taste it, don't waste it, it's gone now, can't ya just face it?
New York connect make you do a head check
But now, don't go and get pet
Because the crowd is select K. Jorge
Made out to touch tone, mad sessions with skunk bones
Hyper-tone, blown headphones, it feels good
The flow's endless, torturous, feel full blessed
I hold my fist, K. Jorge rip the mic
'Til the beat is dismissed like that, y'all

[Verse 9: Kurious]
Woah, woah, welllll
I was walkin' through the jungle with a stick in my hand
Never bland is how it stands, right? Accordin' to plan
We be gettin' Iller, Manilla, now we provide the thriller
Watch a Constipated Monkey pound his chest like a gorilla
Nowadays, people praise, be buggin'
Think I got mad loot, it's sad, I'm glad, fuck what you think
I'm cute, whatever, but if you was clever
You'd know I'm broker than the brokest and I'm uglier than ever
Precise like ice, I slid in cool
Big Cotta, Lord Sear, Prince from Powerule
Highly pleasurable like havin' sex
I'm crackin' Becks with Mike G, playin' Madam with X

[Outro: Repeated 'til fade]
You know I won't stop rockin' to the rhythm 'cause I get down