[Chorus: Mo B. Dick]
Niggas just don't know, that I'm taxin' all these hoes
And these hoes won't ride with me
But these hoes can't ride for free
Niggas just don't know, that I'm taxin' all these hoes
And these hoes won't ride with me
But these hoes can't ride for free

[Verse 1: Silkk the Shocker]
Well check this out, I slips on in, I dips on in
She be thinkin' ride home, I be like Holiday Inn
Because y'all can't ride for free
Believe me, so just when you see me
It just ain't gon' be that easy
Now you think you can ride free?
I pay for the gas, you don't give up the ass, nigga please
'Cause I be a hustla, must I spell 'em all in ABCs
Or do you get the picture? Don't make me hit cha
But I don't hits to run, I hits for fun
Smash it like Daz, and they gets the guns
'Cause I ain't no joke
They can ride for free I can't drive for free, please

[Chorus: Mo B. Dick]
Niggas just don't know, that I'm taxin' all these hoes
And these hoes won't ride with me
But these hoes can't ride for free
These hoes want daiquiris, but daiquiris ain't free
These hoes won't smoke my weed
But weed don't come for free

[Interlude: Silkk the Shocker, Girl & Master P]
Wassup?
Nothin' much
See ya later
That's up to you
Get in a bucket then
Y'all hoes betta recognize, Cinderella ass bitches

[Verse 2: Silkk the Shocker & Girl]
You be like, "What's yo name?" you be like, "What's mine?"
I could conversate but, bitch, right now I ain't got that much time
Can you buy me a drink? Yeah, I buy you one
How about some Cavaci on the rocks? Nah, some gin and rum
I want somethin' you sip off, you gon' trip off
Somethin' when you sip off, clothes just gon' slip off
You know how I runs that
I gives that, I do's that, I did that, I done that
And that's how it's gon' continue to be
Haa, none of you girls can ride for free
Rides with me, no, that's a damn shame
That's how it is a damn shame, dollar up on my damn fame

[Chorus: Mo B. Dick]
Niggas just don't know, that I'm taxin' all these hoes
And these hoes won't ride with me
But these hoes can't ride for free
They wanna go out and eat, but these hoes get Mickey D's
These hoes they wanna be seen
But they can't be seen with me

[Verse 3: Silkk the Shocker]
You hoes better wake up and smell the coffee
You must have took a wrong turn because you lost me
And nothin' come for free
I'm a rider so between them thighs it be me
You gots to watch how who you take home
That's nice she look like Halle Berry
And today she look like Grace Jones
The first time I didn't wanna... on they plate
But um, after that they want like lobster and steak
Now the club be the best place, they work be the worst place
Nine times outta ten I never been past the first date
But since it's like this, I'm mackin' bad
If you wanna get taxi hoes, call up a cab

[Verse 4: Master P]
Yeah, bitch, jump in a motherfuckin' bucket
'Cause you'll never ride in Benz
But I ain't mad at you, you know what I'm sayin'
'Cause you got a nigga gettin' your hair done, gettin' yo nails done
But see, me and my little brother Silkk
We gon' reverse the game on you bitches
You know what I'm sayin', bitch?
You can take me to the barber shop, ha
You can put some motherfuckin' gold around my fingers, ha
You can put some motherfuckin' gold around my motherfuckin' neck

[Chorus: Mo B. Dick]
Niggas just don't know, that I'm taxin' all these hoes
And these hoes won't ride with me
But these hoes can't ride for free
They wanna have sex with me
But girl, my dick ain't free
And if you want this meat, it's goin' fo' forty G's

[Outro: Master P]
Haha, yeah, wassup Silkk?
Nigga layin' it down like a G
Mo B Dee, and you know me Master P
I'm in the motherfuckin' hizouse
And motherfuckers P stand fo' pimpin', playin', ha, pushin'
Whatever the fuck you wanna call it
I'ma let y'all nigga know three thangs I'ma never gon' do, ha
I'm never gon' trust a bitch
I'm never gon' trust a ho
I'm never gon' let pussy become between me and my partner
Because motherfuckin' skirts is to be shared
Ya heard me, remember that playa
Don't never let a bitch get in the way of you and your money
But pussy, I can get pussy anytime, believe that