[Intro: Master P]
Told y'all, y'all should of never let No Limit in this motherfucker
'Cause once we get in, we be takin' over shit
And we gone off that chop-suy, marinatin
Blowin' swithches to the world (Bitch, fuck ya)

[Verse 1: Silkk the Shocker]
I'm 'bout the baddest nigga, no doubt
From West to the South, back to ya house
Nigga in an out quickly, stick ye for ya whole fifty (Wha?)
Nigga, I'm on bitches, qucikly
Niggas can't stick me they tries but dies
They'll fuck around, I ain't lyin', fuck with me, you out yo' mind
I'll slap you with my right hand and I'm still writin' with it
Hands quicker than lightnin' but fuck fightin'
Bread, ice is why I'm slicin' cake
You niggas need to bow down to the street king (Wha?)
From that 3rd Ward (Caliope, ho)
(Where that at?) Bitch, that's in New Orleans
Face like a 8th Grader, ain't the bigga nigga, a wind might blow
But while I'm here, a deaf person won't fuck with me if they don't know (Wha?)
Man, No Limit run this bitch like a marathon
Bitch, my click is thick, deeper than a whole Southern down baritone
How da fuck y'all gon' fade me?
How da fuck y'all gon' play me?
Thats how we made it, from knockin' niggas out
Who try to fuckin' play me (Boom)
Y'all think y'all could but y'all can't (Wha?)
That's money in the bank, how the fuck y'all gon' stop a tank?

[Chorus: Silkk the Shocker]
I ain't takin' no shorts (Takin' no shorts)
Whether it be in this rap game or the dope game
Bitch, I'm still the man
I ain't takin' no shorts (No shorts)
Whether it be in this rap game or the dope game
Bitch, I'm still the man

[Verse 2: Silkk the Shocker]
I say hustler, fuck these busters
Who da fuck gon' stop me? None of y'all (Wha?)
Bitches be in my face, I gets the gun, run all of y'all
'Cause y'all some tricks
Stop trickin' these hoes, stop bitchin' these hoes
Punk ass niggas be havin' dicks
Y'all need to have clicks you punk ass hoes
I stay posted from sun-down to sun-up
You run up, you get done up
Best believe the spot get hot like summer
'Cause I be the man, look deep into my eyes
Bitch, y'all get scared by the 6 foot 6 wise guy
Mr. like shoot it out with the police (Blue, blue)
Mr. I gives a fuck, I gots this D 17, 5 a key
Birds, you haven't heard?
I'm from that 3rd, bitch, when shit get bad (Wha?)
I put the dope up my stars on the curb (Damn)
And start hittin' fools, in the dice game
I might man, hit 'em  all night man
'Cause I'm all night long gone off that fuckin' night train
No doubts, I'm in the house, outs the back when the police hit (Gone)
No doubt they can't catch me, I'm out this bitch

[Chorus: Silkk the Shocker]
I ain't takin' no shorts (Shorts)
Whether it be in this rap game or the dope game
Bitch, I'm still the man
I ain't takin' no shorts (No shorts)
Whether it be in this rap game or the dope game
Bitch, I'm still the man
I ain't takin' no shorts (Shorts)
Whether it be in this rap game or the dope game
Bitch, I'm still the man

[Outro: Silkk the Shocker]
I'm the man, I'm the man
I'm the man (Who's the man?)
I'm the man (Who's the man?)
Bitch, I'm the man