[Intro: Silkk the Shocker]
Y'all niggas ready for this Silkk the Shocker shit?
(Y'all niggas out there bangin') Switch! (Claimin' red and blue)
Y'all niggas 'bout it? Nigga, be a leader not a follower (Haha)
(My motherfuckin' TRU tattoo) Uuunnnggghhh!

[Chorus: Silkk the Shocker]
Murder, murder, murder, murder
187, 'cause I don't give a fuck
Murder, murder, murder, murder
187, 'cause I don't give a fuck

[Verse 1: Silkk the Shocker]
Well, it's time to ride, slide
Them niggas that fucked up, they lucked up
Seen them niggas rollin' in they cutlass
I'm 'bout act bad, no doubt (Damn), I'ma go in they house
And if they home, I'ma blast, take them niggas out
'Cause we be 'bout murder, no, fuck that, we 'bout killin'
Drama, fuck all that, stay real when it's time to peel
Caps, no doubt, hah, I check the house
'Cause I ain't gon' be satisfied 'til all y'all stressed out
That's a fuckin' shame, I ain't gon be satisfied 'til I see blood, nigga
What you think we was doin' before we was rappin'? We was drug dealers
Now you think I'm a let this shit slide 'cause I done got fame
Fuck the name, I can't have shit in this fuckin; game
Without niggas tryna test nuts, without niggas tryna act bad
I'ma fuck you nigga
You gon' have a closed casket and I'm gon' crack yo' mask
Niggas talkin' shit, but, bitch, it's goin' down
See I was locked up for a second, but now I'm home now
It's time for niggas to get checked, they done pushed me to the limit
I was a cool nigga, but now, it's only the beginnin'
It's time to ride, when it's time to slide, you die
No doubt about it, act bad, let's put that on the vibes

[Chorus: Silkk the Shocker]
Murder, murder, murder, murder
187, 'cause I don't give a fuck
Murder, murder, murder, murder
187, 'cause I don't give a fuck

[Verse 2: Master P]
Mr. Wicked, I be comin' hard, just like a hurricane
Choo-choo, shootin' brains, killin' Mr. Murder, mad
Hustla, balla, Mr. fuckin' Do-a-reporter
Don't give a fuck about a bitch or a balla
Break me off proper, gun in that doctor
Gats at yo' head, call me Mr. Non-Stopper
Tech 9 shooter, lady, ruder
Down South hustla, West Coast ruler
3rd Ward villain, I'm in the killin'
They ban my videos from TV, they say they drug dealin'
Ice cream slangin'
And if the radio don't play this gangsta shit, what are they thinkin'?
They could stop a nigga from comin' up
They could stop a young nigga from makin' big bucks
Independent, and black-owned
But still got more money than Al Capone
Y'all niggas can't stop a killa
A murder, a hustla, fuck it, a drug deala
But if they shoot, did up with police
Ready to run dope from here to the Middle East
And call me Mr. Paul
'Cause I be smokin' motherfuckers like Steven Seagal
Mr. Killa, the ghetto Kadofy
And 187 on any nigga that try to stop me

[Chorus: Silkk the Shocker]
Murder, murder, murder, murder
187, 'cause I don't give a fuck
Murder, murder, murder, murder
187, 'cause I don't give a fuck

[Verse 3: Big Ed]
Niggas, they want to start some stack
But if they stack then let it be started
And at your funeral, I want to here 'em say dearly departed
Because I got it on my mind and on my mind I got's it
When I pop ya with this heart rock
Make your heart stop 'cause I'm 'bout it
Jack you like a New Jersey drive
My niggas are always down for that who ride, I ride
Creep with these killas on our tippy tippy toes
See the barrel knows where the bullet go
And then we smash off in that 4 by 4
See we rolled on your set and then bucked
A bunch of niggas fallen and they can't get up
You wants to fuck with this TRU click and get ya khakis creased
Get your shirt pressed and the bullets rip through your chest
TRU niggas don't fall, fool, we too busy flossin'
It might be your ho we tossin'
Step to us and we make ya hits like Michael Jackson
'Cause every nigga in my crew is 'bout it and we packin'

[Chorus: Silkk the Shocker]
Murder, murder, murder, murder
187, 'cause I don't give a fuck
Murder, murder, murder, murder
187, 'cause I don't give a fuck

[Outro: Silkk the Shocker]
Haha, now y'all know
We run the motherfuckin' streets
No Limit, tru 2 da game
Silkk the Shocker
This shit go out to all y'all gangsta niggas and gangsta bitches
(Soldiers)
From Richmond (Atlanta) to down South (Alabama)
To the East Coast (To the West Coast)
To motherfuckin' Kentucky, Missouri (to Florida) to Dallas (Houston)
To New Orleans (Austin, Texas) to motherfuckin' Miami (D.C.)
To Cinnicinnati (Ohio) to D.C. (North Carolina, South Carolina)
Fuckin' Baton Rouge (Oklahoma) Mississippi (Kansas City)
Lafayette (Georgia, Seattle, Washington) Detroit (Omaha, Nebraska) Chicago (Phoenix)
And to all y'all motherfuckin' ghetto (Alberquerque) gangsta (Indiana)
Real niggas and bitches (All y'all niggas that's locked up) everywhere
Murder, murder, murder, murder, haha
But y'all niggas betta watch y'all ass
(Watch y'all ass) so y'all won't get caught up in motherfuckin'  187
(a 187)
'Cause every nigga I know is 'bout it ('Bout it!)
Nigga that mean don't trust nobody (These niggas rowdy)
'Cause the sreets is real, believe that