[Intro: Master P]
Ungh! (Let's get ready to rumble)
Where ya from? Where ya from? (Ya heard me)
That 3rd Ward, time to start this fight, you fuckin' right
Bitch, get off me, buckle up, nigga

[Chorus: Master P]
Who run this bitch? We run this bitch
That 'bout it shit, we started this shit
'Cause ain't no party like a No Limit party
I'm a No Limit Soldier for life

[Post-Chorus: Master P & Mia X]
So fuck ya'll bitches (Fuck y'all niggas)
Fuck ya'll bitches (Fuck y'all niggas)
'Cause all hoes suck dick
(All niggas lick lips)

[Verse 1: Mia X & Master P]
Nigga, nigga, I bet you gotta bitch on the side
But I gotta 9 on mine and it's about that time
That I spit the game like it's supposed to be spat
'Cause niggas ain't worth shit except for lickin' cat
And fixin' flats, after I done stuck yo' shit
'Cause I'm the wrong ghetto bitch to be fuckin' with
The roughest bitch, you wouldn't want me busting, bitch
Yep, I'm the same ho that had your mama huffin', bitch
And puffin', bitch, and yep, I'm known to suck some quick
'Cause I done told you once before, the ladies run this shit
We won this shit, ever since the last TRU lick
And yet ya punks still screamin', "All hoes suck dick"
But fuck that shit, 'cause niggas love to suck them lips
And lick that clit, and pay a bitch to lay a bitch
To say they hit, ho stuntin' ass tricks
Uh uh, sweatin' tired sayin' they quit
Is that it? Now ain't that fake?
No stars for your chest, I coulda had a V8
Mia X is known to take a nigga for his keys and Gs
Government income and then they extra funds
'Cause all niggas buy pussy, cry for pussy, lie for pussy
Live for pussy, steal for pussy
Rap for pussy, kill for pussy
Even though they try to stunt
They leave they folks stuck out behind a fat, hairy cunt
Up front, when a nigga start to trip
Haha, laugh dead in they face 'cause they just talkin' shit
Do the ladies run this motherfucker? Hell, yeah
Do the niggas run this motherfucker? Hell, yeah

[Chorus: Master P]
Who run this bitch? We run this bitch
That 'bout it shit, we started this shit
'Cause ain't no party like a No Limit party
I'm a No Limit Soldier for life

[Post-Chorus: Master P]
Bitch get off me (Bitch get off me)
Bitch get off me (Bitch get off me)
Buckle up, nigga, here it go, nigga
Buckle up, nigga, here it go, nigga

[Verse 2: Silkk the Shocker]
I'm so gangstafied, stay high 'til I die
Smoke for free, I reply not with me
'Cause I be a G, nothin' comes free but this dick and gum
And I be fresh up outta gum, 'cause I done chewed my last one
Y'all niggas got the game backwards, buyin' dinner then fuck
I fucks first, and say fuck dinner, then I hit it and cut
Because if you want to get paid, be a hooker
See this whole world involve rhyme
Looking for dope, money, and pussy
Now niggas sell dope to make money to spend on hoes
But I, fucks hoes, and make them hoes buy my clothes
Girbauds from head to toe, Converse on my feet
You call me young Spanish flyer
I took them hoes in heat
Now I'm a peep this game, as I see the game unfold
Now hoes be tryna get me for the money
The whole truckload, but fuck hoes
Then I duck, cut, hit 'em then I split 'em
I spit game to 'em, and then I bet you I'ma get 'em
I fucks one ho, two ho, three ho, four
And if I get some condoms, I'ma fuck some more
Now if you know Silkk, you know that I be plotting
Your girlfriend, she be down
I catch her on the rebound like I was robbing

[Chorus: Master P]
Who run this bitch? We run this bitch
That 'bout it shit, we started this shit
'Cause ain't no party like a No Limit party
I'm a No Limit Soldier for life

[Post-Chorus: Master P & Mia X]
So fuck y'all hoes (Suck these holes)
Fuck y'all hoes (Suck these holes)
Ain't no party like a No Limit party
I'm a No Limit soldier for life
So buckle up, nigga, guard your grill, nigga
Here go the trigga, duck down, nigga (Blew!)

[Verse 3: Master P]
Bitch, you 'bout, 'bout what? Suckin' dick?
I ain't gon' tell your partnas that you did me and my homie in
You bitches crazy, tryna have my baby
Sniffin on my riches, ho, suck some daisies
I'm spreadin' rumors on you hoes like I'm in social clubs
What about me, you, yo sista in my bathtub?
You lookin' fine in yo DKNY
Versaces on yo eyes, Coach bags on yo side
Yo [?] gon' get rolled, and yo' earrings hang side to side
You're in a Lexus, damn, let's go take a ride
If you was a part on a car you'd be a fender
'Cause underneath all that expensive shit bitch, you a pretender
If suckin' dick was a crime, you'd get 25 to life
Oh, Miss Thang, I ain't mad at you for bein' with somebody else wife
See I'm from the south, I keep hoes in the chicken coop
I got bitches lined up in they birthday suit
You want me to cum in your pussy, I'ma cum down your throat
And if the rubber pop, then swallow ho
'Cause all hoes suck dick
I ain't Too $hort, but fuck you, bitch

[Chorus: Master P]
Who run this bitch? We run this bitch
That 'bout it shit, we started this shit
'Cause ain't no party like a No Limit party
I'm a No Limit Soldier for life

[Post-Chorus: Master P & Mia X]
So fuck you hoes (Fuck them niggas)
Fuck you hoes (Fuck them niggas)
Shake that ass, ho (Trick that cash, ho)
Ride that ass, ho (Break me off, bitch)

[Chorus: Master P]
Who run this bitch? We run this bitch
That 'bout it shit, we started this shit
'Cause ain't no party like a No Limit party
I'm a No Limit Soldier for life

[Outro: Master P & Mia X]
So ride the dick, ho (Grow a dick, bitch)
I say ride this dick, ho (Eat this clit, bitch)
Where ya from, where ya from, where ya from, where ya from
Where ya from, where ya from, where ya from?
Get em up (If you from Down South)
Get em up, get 'em up, get 'em up
Get em up (If you from the west coast)
Get em up, get 'em up, get 'em up
Get em up (If you from the east coast)
Get em up, boot it up, boot it up
Show the gold ('Cause niggas Down South ain't takin' no shit)
Where ya from, where ya from, where ya from?
When I say bitch, you say get off me
Bitch (Get off me)
Bitch (Get off me)
Bitch (Get off me) bitch
Bitch (Get off me) bitch
Do the niggas run this muthafucka? Hell, yeah
(Do the ladies run this motherfucker? Hell yeah)
Motherfuckin' No Limit party, nigga (Ungh!) nigga