[Silkk the Shocker]
I don't know if you listening but..
I got so many questions I don't know where to start
(well why don't you start from the pain that runs deep in your heart)
(is that you? God is that you? ....... it's me)
Is there a heaven or a hell, if so is that theory true?
(yes my son)
Why go through so much?
(it's a test my son)
So I guess it was you when ? ? gave me the last second to run
(yes)
And I don't know why I shed so many tears
Forgive my god, I haven't been to church in months
[aww son you haven't been to church in years]
Some times I rob, steal and kill, just to eat
I popped him, I don't know if I killed him but somebody died in my building d
(he's here with me)
You think you can forgive me for my sins?
If so hold up, another homie died ? ? you think you can forgive me again?
(i don't know)
Some times I feel like death is chasing me but just ain't catch me yet
I'm wondering if he is going to catch me when I stop to catch my breath
They say days are cut shorter from the things that you did
And if so then why take the kids?
(hold up, hold up my son)
Huh?
(it seems like some puzzle to you, if you got something to ask me, ask me)
Why is it racism? where did drugs come from?
Why is it so much death where I live? who idea was it to make guns?
(y'all)
And why my grandparents was slaves?
And why is is diseases with no cure like cancer and aids?
Why is it rich and poor?
Why is it a death row? (for real)
(that was y'all I ain't have nothing to do with it that was never my will)
And though I try and do everything, I just wanna know if it is worth it
(it was)
Sometime I feel like I'm doing it all, sometime I just don't feel like i
Serve my purpose
(keep your head up)
Nigga scared of the past
All my homies wanna know but scared to ask
(tell them to ask)
God everybody for they self sometime I don't feel like I'm all alone
(feel you)
Don't worry bout me if I have to go so watch my brother them when I'm gone
And what about when I couldn't pay my bills I was almost kicked out where i
Lived
(i just wanted to see if you'll break)
And everything happened at the same time
(i just wanted to see how much pain you can take)
And you must know my lifestyle
(i do)
Knowing I can't change my life
(i don't want you to, do what you gotta do anything not neccassary you'll pay
The price)
So why did my homie die instead of me?
Because I had bigger plans
I don't understand
(I'll explain, see I wanted you to grow up and be a better man)
I wanna know, how you determine who dies and who stays living?
(the day I made the world my son, it was written)
Look I gotta couple mo' questions I need to know
(what?)
God, can you tell me, when is it my time to go?
(everything goes silent)
Where you at? I wasn't finish asking you

[Hook]
A gangsta prays for another day
Even though he lives wrong
Trying to live this way
(x5) til fade