[Intro]
Yo, P, what's up mane?
What's up nigga?
Man check them niggas out, finna be a millionaire
Aww, nigga, shit, it's all the same, I just got more mothafuckin' weed to smoke and more bitches to dog
Yeah, I'm sure you're right

[Verse 1: [?]]
Slingin' them rocks, thwartin' them cops, still on the block
Signed a distribution deal that y'all hoes [?] gonna stop
Now they bumpin' me, fools can't be humpin' me
I'm like some of you hoes, 'cause I still own my company
Still smokin' them trees, scratchin' that leaf, don't fuck with me
A nigga from The Rich but I was born in New Orleans
A nigga ain't humble, nigga fuck it, I'm ready to rumble
I'll still stick these steel toes in your ass and make some fuckin' gumbo
Hard [?], got many stops
And I got more fuckin' rhymes in my head than an ant pile
You gotta go diss me
I'm gonna play the teacher, dot them "I"s mothafucka, cross the "T"s
Bustin' rhymes, but y'all niggas want to drop a dime
I guess y'all hoes fuckin' mad 'cause I done got mine (big time)
Lyrical style with this loc shit
Never givin' a fuck about you, or your whole clique
Rippin' like them locs, niggas sold the coke
Fuckin' them hoes ain't sluggin' no dope
Slangin' these tapes to the world
So what the fuck you gotta say ho?
So keep my name out your mouth, with this real shit
We don't give a fuck, 'cause P ready to fuckin' kill trick
And let you knows what's the claps, ready to bust some caps
And just put The Town on the map

[Chorus]
Walk like a killa, talk like a killa
But do you really have the balls to squeeze the fuckin' trigga?
Walk like a killa, talk like a killa
But do you really have the balls to squeeze the fuckin' trigga?
Walk like a killa, talk like a killa
But do you really have the balls to squeeze the fuckin' trigga?
Walk like a killa, talk like a killa
But do you really have the balls to squeeze the fuckin' trigga?

[Verse 2: [?]]
Suckin' on [?] fuckin' up game, but still slingin' that cocaine
Make more motherfuckin' tongue twistin' [?]
And them logs up
But niggas can't talk shit, 'cause y'all ain't ready bruh
I got that killa, in my blood in my veins
Fuck it nigga, I'm back in the hood slangin' this cocaine
I'm like Calgone, takin' niggas away
And if you a baller motherfucker, you better pop open that fuckin' safe
I walk around with two fuckin' gats
I ain't trippin' on the Taz, nigga, you know it's fuckin' like that
I got them killas that I roll with
King George, Kalli G, C-Murder, and [?]
And we on the whole 'nother level
Ready to take a nigga, and bury your ass with your own mothafuckin' shovel
So if you deep, talk is cheap (talk is cheap)
But when you roll through The Town you better watch, you might lose your teeth
'Cause those niggas on the hill don't give a fuck
Shoot a nigga quick and ready to spray your fuckin' house up
So when you roll through The Town, you know how it go
Easy come in the game, easy mothafuckin' go
Don't check a playa, check your bitch
'Cause if she opens her mouth or open her legs, I'm gonna sure to kick some dick
And your bitch must think your mackin' (think your mackin')
Ain't no real niggas goin' to no shit without packin'

[Chorus]
Walk like a killa, talk like a killa
But do you really have the balls to squeeze the fuckin' trigga?
Walk like a killa, talk like a killa
But do you really have the balls to squeeze the fuckin' trigga?
Walk like a killa, talk like a killa

[Verse 3:  Silkk the Shocker]
Comin' up out that wild, wild, west, Silkk would be Billy the Kid
Ain't no drive by, face to face as I split that wig
Them niggas out that clique, they be mothafuckin' hella scary
Teach shit from my pops, so I guess it'll be hereditary
I swear so many niggas be actin' like a mothafuckin' bitch
I think God shoulda givin' you niggas pussies, instead of givin' 'em dicks
I went rollin' through my hood in that coupe on that gold
It ain't that a nigga be stuntin', I just ain't scared of none of you hoes
And I ain't trippin' up on that strap that you're supposed to have
Murder [?] 'cause the real niggas get the fuckin' [?]
And if you ain't down with No Limit, you need to bow down
Niggas in the back seat, singin' like H-Town
99 ways to live, 1 way to die
But when you stop, breathin', you're dead nigga, that's when they close your eyes
Yeah you walk like that killa, you talk like that killa
But do you got the nuts, to kill like that nigga?

[Outro]
Like them niggas from that TRU clique?  They don't give a fuck
My little nigga, Moby Dick, I think he'll smoke any one of y'all mothafuckas
Mr. Serve-on, bury your own mothafuckin' ass, with your own shovel, bitch
You know me and X down for the hoo-ride
Sonia C, she'll spray some shit up, you know Silkk, King George, Cali G, Master P, we'll make you hoes lay it down in a second
Heh, and if you want to be part of that TRU clique, you either need to get beat in, huh, or you gonna have to deal with what's goin' on
'Cause we all real (real nigga)
Gang affiliated, say whatever you want mothafucker
You walk like a killa, you talk like a killa
But do you really have the balls to squeeze the trigga?
Like all them niggas from Richmond, California
Yeah bitch, major factor in this rap game
If you don't know, now you know