Man, somethin ain't right
You just get P on the phone

C'mon..

[Silkk]
Yo, 2000 nigga (2000 nigga)
3 Strikes (next millenium)
No Limit, thugged out Silkk the Shocker what?
Let me tell y'all somethin (what, what, what?)

Let me tell you why I'm a rich nigga
Cause I don't fuck a bitch, nigga plus I flip quicker
(??) is what I have, but I can some account me six figures
And then, y'all niggas do the math
If it was the first time I'd try it again
Brought checks that can buy me a Benz
And for the rumors I'mma cut it short right now, look
Me and Mya, we just friends
I'm Silkk, the, Shocker, call me Shocker for short
You can catch me thuggin the West coast
Either catch me, shop in New York
Either poppin the cork on the Cristal
And then let a thug, diss while a nigga banked up
Summertime tanked up, shit
Wintertime, minked up
Be drivin a Ferrari with a tan cover
Niggas screamin fuck you cowards, (?) in nine-nine
For two-thousand shit the same color
When I come through I come through rowdy (ROWDY)
When I come through I come through bout it (BOUT IT)
When I come through by the ones, I be comin through
By the thousands, nigga better back up
Deal with a jack, now keep the money where the tank at
And when ya hate y'all (?) to hate me
Kinda like expect that
See all it take for me to flex the trigger
Is when dollars involved gotta X a nigga
Because it's like, "Money Cash Hoes" like DMX and Jigga

Chorus: Silkk the Shocker

Where my niggas at? Where dey at, where dey at?
Yo where my wodies at? Where dey at, where dey at?
Yo where my niggas at? (RIGHT HERE, RIGHT HERE)
Yo where my wodies at? ..
Someone tell these wodies niggas (BRING IT ON, TAKE IT ON)
Someone tell these niggas wodie ..
Where dey at? Where dey at? Where dey at? Where dey at?
Where dey at? Where dey at? Where dey at? Right here

[Silkk]
I pull up in the car thumpin, pull up in the car bumpin
Pull up like a star or somethin
These niggas think they ballin? Niggas ain't really saw nuttin
Hopped out, tipped the valet a, hundred dollars
Walked up to the bar where you sell most expensive champagne
Look here, I want a hundred bottles
Dranks on me, that's for me and my crew, true
Shit, ball til you fall
You know how, No Limit, niggas do
Seen a woman told her don't even trip on money
Cause I got more than I can spend
When the time is right tonight
I'm tryin to be more than just friends, ya heard?
Niggas don't wanna ball, niggas small time
We got five carats and up in cut
Put that shit up what y'all got them little small diamond shit
Either I'm, half broke or I'm half rich
Niggas mad at me or they just mad at this
Niggas ain't give a fuck when niggas ain't really have shit
Don't holla holla mayne

What? C'mon, c'mon, what what?
What? What? What what?
C'mon, what?
Yo, yo, c'mon what what?
Huh what? Huh what? Huh what?
Check it out..

Now I don't do it for no mills
And I don't do it for no deals
I do it for my fans, I keep it real
And I could give a fuck how a nigga feel
And I changed my attitude the fo'-fo' got a little mo' quicker
Ain't nuttin changed buy my flow got a, little mo' sicker
Cause I got a little older, shit, got a gotta little mo' richer
Ain't nuttin changed about the fame
Up at my shows I gotta, just sign mo' pictures
Just some real niggas, and we ridin can you feel it?
We some real niggas, holla back if you hear me nigga
Bouncin this, all my niggas bouncin shit
Smoke an ounce to this
I could care less where y'all niggas at
C'mon and bounce to this

Yeah, P don't want me to do it like this
YEEEEEEEEEEEAH

P don't want you to do it like that

YEEEEEEEEEEEAH
Where y'all niggas from?
Where you from, where you from, where you at, where you from
Where you at, where you from, where you at.. shit
East coast, where you from, where you at?
Nigga West coast, where you from, where you at?
Nigga down South, where you from, where you at?
Nigga up North, where you from, where you at?
Silkk the Shocker nigga, platinum shit
Fuck that, I ain't playin
Never fall off, I just change with the times
I used to like these niggas man, I changed my mind