[Intro: Dae Dae]
I just came up on a fucking lick ho
I'm not going for it shit no more
I just turned up for my motherfucking homies
Where you were when I was going through that bullshit?
Where you were when I was going through that bullshit?
(We got London on the track)

[Verse 1: Dae Dae]
Daddy got three, my brother took a two
Been through so much shit, feel like I got shit to lose
Road to hell way hot, my daddy out in there
I just made your big homie pipe down, ya-ya
I ain't nothing to play with, I got childrens
Lil bitch, where you were when it was blurry? Ya-ya-ya
A lot of shit done changed, my mama doing good, ya
I been spending a lot of money on shit I shouldn't
Love life a movie, this shit outrageous
I just dropped that motherfucking Love Life Pages
Dae Dae came up quick that shit ridiculous
In Atlanta trap you heard that DefAnition, ya-ya

[Hook: Dae Dae]
Bullshit, going through that bullshit
Where-where you was?
Where you was when I was going through that bullshit?
Where-where you was? Yeah

[Verse 2: 21 Savage]
Woah, nigga where you was?
I done trapped on boulevard where they was screaming cuz
And when I trapped on boulevard I was still a blood
That Glock 40 with a 30, nigga facts nigga
Young Savage got a lot of fucking racks nigga
Young Savage get a pussy nigga whacked nigga
Where your ass was at when I ain't had scraps nigga?
Now you want Louis V and red bottoms, stop it ho
I came straight from the bottom and I'm cocky ho
Ain't no convo if them panties ain't dropping ho
You better suck me, you better fuck me
Knock your favorite rapper over like Humpty
When I was young, girl's cousin used to hunch me
I got rich, my baby mamas tryna dump me
They like "why your engine right there where your trunk be?"
Bull shit, bitch you know that pussy funky
Milly Rock, Milly Rock, diamonds do the Milly Rock
Bullshit, bullshit, you can get a full clip
Pull up in something nasty nigga, yeah I'm on that "oh shit"
Bitch you know I'm tacky, know I'm hot, know I got pull bitch

[Dae Dae]
Bullshit, going through that bullshit
Where-where you was?
Where you was when I was going through that bullshit?
Where-where you was? Yeah