Yeah
Yeah dawg
This shit real dawg
Niggas kill dawg
Keep a steel dawg
Or be a long lived dawg (straight up)

Im hangin with kills cereal (straight up)
Im still in the hoodie serious (straight up)
I pray to the streets like they biblical (straight up)
Jump out the rope like the ??? (straight up)
Two ounces stacked in my stereo (On God)
You could get killed for subliminal (On God)
Im a big dawg you a cheerio (On God)
I don’t Gotta talk loud bitches here me though (straight up)
Cashin out bag in traffic (21)
Way before the deal I was trapping (21)
Way before the deal I was put out fire on them niggas just to feed my family (On God)
21 gang im a bandit (straight up)
I ain't have a father he abandoned (21)
Me and mind so I went and pick up a little bit of weed in the nine (yeah)
?? down melt to the dime (yeah)
And he still got another nine (yeah)
Sent my boy a hundred racks in the chain gang nigga cuz money is time (On God)
Lay labbin On my grind (straight up)
Twenty-five hundred on wine (Stacks)
Fifty thousand on a suit if you get investments yo cuz the deal worth dimes (21)
Heart so cold got a pad lock (pad lock 5x)
He ain't in the field he a mascot (mascot 5x)
Chasin this money I can't stop won’t stop (can’t stop won’t stop 3x)
Chasin this money I can’t stop won’t stop (can’t stop won’t stop 3x)
Heart so cold got a pad lock (pad lock 5x)
He ain't in the field he a mascot (mascot 5x)
Chasin this money I can't stop won’t stop can’t stop won’t stop 3x)
Make more than the teacher im a dropout dropout
I got rich nigga problems (problems)
Tryna put a fifty in my joggers (On real niggas)
Knew you was a rat we was ???? (You a snitch)
You was always the cop I was the robber (Lil bitch nigga)
Wanna be leader not follow (follow)
???? Team where the money ??? (???)
Y’all was in the house playin Mario (Mario)
I was selling weed and went ??? (???)
Thats just how we was raised (On God)
Before we came of age (straight up)
Y’all niggas wanna see ??? (straight up)
My niggas wanna see ??? (On God)
I had to sell a lil weed to hit the flee mart and buy some ??? (straight up)
Thats where I bought my first grill (straight up)
Thats where I bought my first J’s (On God)
Remember my momma was stressed (dang)
Look at your son now now im payed (dang)
She ain't really worried bout harm
She worried about jail cuz she know I don’t play (???)
She remember days
Two bad room in the fourteen And the SK (21)
I remember Day she know ima take a nigga with me cuz she know im got spray (On God)
Heart so cold got a pad lock
Heart so cold got a pad lock (pad lock 5x)
He ain't in the field he a mascot (mascot 5x)
Chasin this money I can't stop won’t stop (can’t stop won’t stop 3x)
Chasin this money I can’t stop won’t stop (can’t stop won’t stop 3x)
Heart so cold got a pad lock (pad lock 5x)
He ain't in the field he a mascot (mascot 5x)
Chasin this money I can't stop won’t stop can’t stop won’t stop 3x)