[Intro: 2Pac & (Dru Down)]
Ah, yeah! Hahaha (Yeah!)
It's all about you, one time!
(I'ma say it's all about you, baby, yeah!)
Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you
It's all about you! (This Dru Down in the house
With my boy 'Pizznac, you know what I'm sayin'?)
It's all about you
(Yeah, I'm gon' say it's all about you
But you know I'm lyin' though, hah! Yeah)

[Verse 1: 2Pac]
You probably crooked as the last trick
Want to laugh about how I got my ass caught up
With this bad bitch?
Thinkin' I had her, but she had me in the long run
It's just my luck, I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one
Wise decisions, based on lies we livin'
Scandalous times, this game's like my religion
You could be rollin' with a thug
Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love
In every club, I see you starin' like you want it
Well, baby, if you got it, better flaunt it
Let the liquor help you get up on it
I'm still tipsy from last night
Bumpin' these walls as I pause, addicted to the fast life
I try to holla, but you tell me you taken
Sayin' you ain't impressed with the money I'm makin'
Guess it's true what they tellin' me
Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity
So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it
Fantasies of us sweatin', can I hit it?
Addicted to the things you do
But still true what I'm sayin', boo, ‘cause this is all about you

[Hook: Nate Dogg & 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho'
Yeah, nigga
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho'

[Verse 2: 2Pac]
I make a promise if you go with me, just let me know
I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave
Nobody loves me, I'm a thug nigga
I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers
I love niggas, ‘cause we comin' from the same place
Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes
How can I tell her I'm a playa? And I don't even care
Creep low, weed smoke's in the air
Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes
Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show
I just seen you in my friend's video
I never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go
Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through
It's all about you, yeah, nigga, it's all about you

[Hook: Nate Dogg & 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho'
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same ho'

[Verse 3: 2Pac]
I see you struttin' in your miniskirt
A crooked smile with a heart that did plenty dirt
Will it work with your ass as you pass me by?
Sayin' "hey," I've been looking at you smile all day, let's parlay
Drinkin' liquor, kissin' to help you know me quicker
While I keep workin' on your zipper, my tongue kissin'
In your position I'm fortified to do the mission
Move your hips and groove to this
Too many cooks in the kitchen, nobody take the time to listen
They probably think we still dissin'
Wit' your permission, I can make you scream my name
I'm a real man, guide you through the sleazy game
Follow me, let me take you to the ecstasy
You'll have the time of your life when you next to me you'll see
Ain't no way they can stop me
When I know a true thug woman got me

[Hook: Nate Dogg & 2Pac]
Every other city we go, every other video
It's all about you
No matter where I go, I see the same..