("Ah yeah, I'm with this...")

[Intro: Yukmouth + Dru Down]
Ah, there you go, blood, what's up, mayne? Dang...
I just came through your house, man
Like that?
I came looking for you, blood, man
I knocked onto your door, man
Your woman came out like she wanted to slug me with a bat or somethin'
I'm like, 'damn, is I'm the problem, you know what I'm sayin'? What's up?
My grandma paged, I just wanted to call her back
I said "what's up", let me use her phone
She wouldn't even open the gate
She had that little pit, that little...
She had Danger tryna get me, you know what I'm sayin'
What's that problem, what's all that for?
PMS, what's up, man?
Why she trippin' like that, blood?
Why she doin' it like that, man?

[Verse 1]
I don't know, but just the other night or so
It was cool, like the beat, mellow and slow
I had to figure out a way to do this
I'll be the player that I am and change a woman to a misses
But to me, it's getting harder
Every time that I look, hey, the dream was getting farther
Away from the memories that I have seen with her
From the first time we kissed, ooh, I knew I wanted to be with her
I'm starting to panic, it's puttin' stress in my head
I'm laying down, thinking, got me tossin' and turnin' in bed
But what should I do, C&H?
(Solve your problem with a bottle of E&J)
But then it wouldn't be like the word calm
Like it would be if I'm rolling up a twenty sack of bomb
'Cause it's confusing 'cause the life that I'm pursuing is strange
You're going through the itty-bitty unnatural thangs

[Sample]
("Ah yeah, I'm with this...") (Repeat 4X)

[Verse 2]
So I wonder, deep down into the thought of my head
Would you really be with someone that will kill you dead in bed?
You never know, probably cut your throat
And speaking words like ("Nigga, what the hell you want?")
And now I'm back with a man's point of view
And don't speak to me that way 'cause I don't speak that way towards you
And let's say, the situation of violence comes up
What should I do when my woman ain't a punk?
Sometimes I'm scared to even leave the damn gun around
But I do, and now I'm sure that it's not to be found
In the hands of a itchy-finger woman
She wouldn't do me is one, and number two: I wouldn't let her, fool
'Cause I be damned if I go for the joke so
Continue to keep things down on a lower level
But the things she thinks she knows, I already knew
Like no one's gonna love you, girl, like I do

[Interlude]
("Ah yeah, I'm with this...") (Repeat 4X)
Do that...break it
("Ah yeah, I'm with this...") (Repeat 4X)
Check this out, I got her jockin' now...

[Verse 3]
Now she's sweatin', dripping of the love steam
Thinking she's a loser, but no, she's on my winning team
But I couldn't understand the reason for the bad talks, sad walks
All the way around the old parks
Making up, taking up some of her time
That we should spend before the love strings unwind
But I could never shed a tear in front of my woman
'Cause that ain't mankind to shed a teardrop from the eyes
And I know you feel me ("Ah yeah, I'm with this...")
But I'm happy that our love was found
And no one's gonna love you, girl, like Dru Down

[Sample]
("Ah yeah, I'm with this...") (Repeat 8X)