[Verse 1: Johnny Venus]
That ginger float in my cup
Proceed to roll me one up
Them hoes that can tell me nurn'
My kinfolk wild as they come
From out the shadows, they swarm
Some out the battlefield, uh
I close my eyes, see the future then I dig in the mud
I'm out here, really the plug
The cola fueling the Sun
The golden shepherd, the farm
Really gon' get me some
Got different taxes to some
I can't be slacking on none
Girl, I'm not just anybody
Know you got plenty copies
Appetite kinda raunchy
But the truth turn me on
See if I let all my ghost out they can't come back to haunt me
Back and forth out to Follies if that's something you like
Or the coast to coast [?]
Cuzzo hit me on tour, ask what the fuck I be on?
Still the straight in the narrow, like I'm mowing the lawn
Like I'm aiming an arrow, I put rest on my mind
Got no rest on my mom, got no rest on my uh

[Hook: Johnny Venus]
Pick up the pace, pick up the pace, pick up the pace, pick up the pace
Pick it up
Pick up your face, pick up your face, pick up your face, pick up your face
Pick it up
Feel it today, feel it today, feel it today, feel it today, feel it today
Feel it up
Give it away, give it away, give it away, give it away
Give it up

[Bridge]
And I told him, I said
"You know what, to whom much is given, much is required"
So, you know we gettin' closer and it's like, "Oh my God."
And my legs are so fatigued
I cannot make it to the finish line
All you need is somebody to just tell you, "You're on the last leg of this. Just push through it, push through it."
Finish up. Y'all ready for that second wind? And guess what? The universe got a way of giving you that second wind. And then you can, "Woosah"

[Verse 2: Doctur Dot]
Okay, now I know, what it take
To make the best of my situation
And, I admit, that for a minute
I, I couldn't tell you what, what I was chasing
But still, it's no excuses, though it's no excuses
Known for spitting truth way before the booth
Don't get comfortable just 'cause I fuck with you
I could cut you lose in like a month or two
But I don't care what other people say
It don't matter what you think
It's important what you're willing to know
Through all the struggles and the pain, I can peep the weather change
I'm absorbing light and starting to glow
What a day, what a day, pour the drank for the ones that we lost on the way
We was crazing the change just to hit JJ for the four dollar plate
Patience is buying me time, know that some weird shit is savor
Nobody cares what sense it makes if we all to get paid at the end of the day

[Hook: Johnny Venus]
Pick up the pace, pick up the pace, pick up the pace, pick up the pace
Pick it up
Pick up the phase, pick up the phase, pick up the phase, pick up the phase
Pick it up
Feel it today, feel it today, feel it today, feel it today, feel it today
Feel it up
Give it away, give it away, give it away, give it away
Give it up

[Outro: DC Young Fly]
Aye where y'all boy from?
Albania
Oh that what's up, that what's up, that what's up
This shit, this shit get wild out here
Y'all ever been to Atlanta?
Hm, no this is uh, first time
This shit real man
Aye yo why y'all nigga, why y'all nigga ain't got no hoes
Y'all ain't got no hoes
Aye fuck with your boy look, here go my mixtape
You know what I'm saying?
That why I do this shit so I can meet people
You know what I'm saying?
I don't really know how to talk
So I do this, so I could meet people
You know what I'm saying, just give 'em my shit
Hopefully, you pass it on
If you don't, you know what I'm saying
Use it for a coaster my nigga, you know what I'm saying
You still see me, that's all I, you know what I'm saying
It is what it is, but look
I'm finna go in here right and see what's up with this dog
I'm finna come right back, y'all boy good, you know what I'm saying
Just lock the door, but this my shit
So when you see me, unlock my shit nigga
I don't wanna play, don't want to have to beat one of y'all nigga ass boy
But y'all good though, y'all feelin' what I'm saying
Put the blunt in the ash tray, don't smoke my shit
You can hit it, but don't smoke all of it real talk
I don't want to have to beat your ass
But look, I'm finna see what's up with this dog
Y'all sure y'all don't want a dog now?
Aight then, I'm gonna go walk to Atlanta
Don't fuckin' at me