(Verse 1: Doctur Dot)
I done did a lot of fucked up shit on my time on the planet
But I couldn't tell you what regret taste like, No!
If you fuck with the Doctur, you already know "Hakuna Matata" the only rule we follow, hoo
We was ghosts for a minute, had to hit the west coast for a minute
Came back and the hoes were same but the culture was different,  got me screaming at the glass cause I broke in the mirror like
I am a lion, I am the king of defiance, hater quit trying
I am protected by Zion
You try to test, now I'm just testifying
Looking at the judge like "Hold up your honor!"
Pull out my palms, make promise to god, if I die I'm a goner (Yeah!)
Worked up my ma, I'm a beam off but nah we like Yeezy and Donda (Yeah!)
My guy do drugs, if I toss him a pound it's like feeding piranhas (Yeah!)
Shout out to Ross, Spillage Village what we are
A long wait, we can show you the sponsor!

(Hook)
I'm something special yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah woo!
I'm something special yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah woo!
I'm something special yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah woo!
I'm something special yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah woo!

(Verse 2: Johnny Venus)
Ass on cell, long fax, dome factory
But you know I ain't tripping on the trail around the world
Popcode of my tail still after me
Old slob on the attack from the faculties
Wanna snatch these factor up out my jeans
All psyched up, fried in the packaging
I'm America's freaky little fantasy, I'm society's dirty obsession
Cuz my eyes seeing what the world can't
And fireflies always seem to fuck into brighter days
My tide bank. My loan's been keepin this wholesale
Dem bricks bi-fold, fold for foes late
Pythons flow through my veins
Burn its stakes, light yo way!

Teacher called me a liar at a early age
But motherfuck them, stuff them textbooks
Just a little closer to the fire, let em feel the flame
Man, I was running away. Shit I was turning the page
I mean, look at what hate did
Made me invincible. Turned me untouchable
Boy, I'm so close to my maker
Born at the apex. I'm such a favorite. I'm such a caselet