[Intro]
5:06 AM
Feel like I should go to sleep
Yeah, try to do this one time

[Verse 1: Johnny Venus]
I feel like Farrakhan with the 40 ounce
Malcolm X pushing his glasses up in V-live watching all the shawtys bounce
I feel like Oprah Winfrey with 10 G's, no flexin'
Pimp C's Rolex shining on these hoes heads
I feel like Erykah's pussy, mm, enough said
Nigga heart like Worldstar
Nigga head like Bel-Air
I feel my bitch only truly love me when I'm filling up her buggy
When I send her out for fresh nails and a new pack of..

[Verse 2: Johnny Venus]
I'm feeling cocky in my nakedness
Extra sensitive to sacrad bitch
So who the fuck you playing with?
I feel the anger oozing out my family portrait
Who knew posing in the gutter could turn out so gorgeous?
Nigga Metta World Peace with my metamorphosis
Hey Arnold, all these bandwagon fans boarding
I feel like Marvin Gaye on his birthday
Sometimes I feel like God on her worst day

[Verse 3: Doctur Dot]
Feeling like a breath of fresh air
Or Sanaa Lathan’s sundress
Feel like I been numb so long
Can't remember feelin' nothing else
Feel R. Kelly overdid it and Aaliyah wasn't done yet
Fuck it, what do I know? You get the concept
I feel a woop coming on
But a fly Tootsie Roll
Black and young, flaming hots, and a scratch-off for my mom
Feel like Kool-Aid in a sandwich bag
Live from the scammers natural habitat
Trick up my sleeve, alakazam, no Shaq
Ah-ha, oh yeah, so many feelings, so many losers with expert opinions
I feel I think I don't know shit sometimes
I feel like survivors guilt, but I don't feel alive
Often wonder why

[Outro: DC YoungFly]
TASHADA! TASHADA!
Bitch you better open this door!
I got your son outside, hoe!
Fuck wrong witchu! (door opens)
Oh, uh.. your name must be Jason
Big as fuck.. you big, big!
What the fuck you be eatin' bruh?
Ayy..um.. you think you can go get our girl and tell her
Come down here 'cause..
She got our child.. he might be yours
How long you been fuckin' with her?
'scuse me let me walk, be right back real quick dog..
TASHADA! BITCH COME OUT!
Fuck wrong witchu!
You ain't even got no cereal in here man
You got milk but you ain't got no cereal
What type of bitch ass drink milk?
You know, why I stop fuckin' witchu anyways
I bet you drink it out the bottle ugly ass girl, AYY!