[Intro: Big Shug]
AY! Heh Ha! One two one two. Big Shug baby!
Spit si-i-x! AH HA! Lil' different right now AH HA!

[Verse One] [Big Shug]
I break bread with six, different cats
Roll like a funeral in six, Cadillacs
With six, mini skirts, popped up in the back
Five, four, or six hours to six, different tracks
Come back in six hours with six, different stacks
Opposition get knocked out, with six different taps
Try to rob my chicks, get hit, with six claps
It's still me and Preme two albums and six tracks
Six booms six baps that's six thorough tracks
From two veteran niggas real Gang Starr cats
It's hip hop baby, I always been wit' it
Do twelve interviews and slap, six critics
I want, six grand for my first stand
And I want, six grand for my last stand
It's the new Lee Majors, six million dollar man
Big Shug niggas! And I rep Murderpan
Spit six, six, six

[Scratch Chorus]:
S-S-S-Six-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-Six-"Ice T"
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-Big Shug-"Big Shug"
The-The-The-The big word on the street-"Ghostface Killah"
B-B-Bi-Big-Big-Sh-Sh-Sh-Sh-Shug-"Big Shug"
B-Big-B-Big-B-Big-B-Big-B-Big-B-Big word on the street-"Ghostface Killah"
Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Your street scholar, keep firin is what they tell me-"Memphis Bleek"

[Verse Two] [Big Shug]:
I'm quick to smack, six niggas
Pay six more niggas to smack, six more niggas I break
Six chicks with six, different lines
Have 'em do the same crime like six, different times
At six o'clock, hit 'em all, six different times
When I go to war, I'm bringin six different nines
And shootin from each one, like six different times
So that's, six deaths, six suits to get
Six crazy cats left wet AH HA!
So we, leave town six limos six jets
Six stripes, like Vietnam vets
Live life lavish, six kids and six pets
Six maids and six chefs, great steaks and french strips
Sunkin' living rooms with six steps
Phone text, I receive like six, death threats
Keep it away from the crib or you'll see bodies left
I don't spit six, for the devilish rhymes
I'm Godly I spit six, seven different times
AH HA! AH HA! AH HA!

[Scratch Chorus]:
S-S-S-Six-"Ice T"
S-S-S-S-S-S-S-Si-Six-"Ice T" (Yeah spit six baby, it's just a lil' different)
(Bop your head man! Bug Shug! DJ Premier! Holdin it down man, for the foundation)
The-The-The big word on the street-"Ghostface Killah"
(Y'all know! AH HA! AH HA!)
B-Big-B-Big-B-Big-B-Big-B-Big-B-Big word on the street-"Ghostface Killah"
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-Big Shug Baby!-"Big Shug"
S-S-S-S-S-S-Six-S-S-S-S-S-Six-"Ice T"