Uh uh, uh uh
Where the real niggas at ?
What? Who got my back ?

[Verse 1]
And who will be ready for war at all costs
Position themselves to take the fake heads off
And who will really cock their weapon
Not their mouth when it's time for you and your team to go all out
And who in the face of danger keeps quiet
Never snitch, never give up your mans and them for shit
And who will rock my product like kane ?
Push that shit like rocks to the top of the game
Is it you? And who got my back like a cape?
So I can be a superhero, get more money like De Niro
And who will never sell their soul
Or their asshole for the dollar if you feelin' me niggas
Then holla and who sees this shit through veteran eyes
And for hip-hop to be more than Ready To Die
Surprise it's not many, real niggas left my mind's
Designed to get while you step in facts

[Hook]
And who's gonna get my back? Oh!
And who's gonna bust their gat, for me?
And who's gonna feel like I feel, keepin' it real like gangstas do, who?

[Verse 2]
And who's gonna support their seeds
Be a father to their child
And still live Big Willy Style
And who's gonna walk their dogs till their tongues hang out
Till world wide your joints bang out
And who's gonna keep the faith in ya niggas
Not get gassed and caught up with the silly gold diggers
And who will never hate, never be an ingrate
Never whine or cry whether free or upstate
And who on steroids all muscled up
Won't rub us the wrong way and get their ass fucked up
And who will write their own rhyme
Time after time, hot shit that leaves the comp' dumb and blind
If it's you then you came to the right place
And if it's not you get smashed with a brick in the face

[Hook]
And who gonna get my back, who?
And who gonna bust their gat, who?
And who gonna feel like I feel, keepin' it real, like gangstas do, who?

And ... gonna get my back, who?
And ... gonna bust their gat, who?
And who gonna feel like I feel, keepin' it real, like gangstas do, who?

And who gonna get my back, who?
And ... gonna busts their gat, who?
And who gonna feel like I feel, keepin' it real, like gangstas do, who?

Who got me, who?
Who got me?