Intro:

Funeral service music! (Uhh, uhh) that nigga's lyrics sound like he passed away, I'm sending a hearse..

(Uhh). Hahahaha. Ahh, man. Street fam AMG!

(Uhh). hakeem

You know talking shit right!hakeem (Right). Now funerals, those shits are expensive. Haha.. Ahh...

Nice

(Verse 1: Fabolous)
Yeah, I mean what I say like the dictionary
I don't write rhymes, I write obituaries
New state, new date, I got a bitch in every
I picked you up, I knocked you down, get the picture Carrie
I get you buried, Trey Ocho speci
Fuck it, I dig the hole, I'm so Joe Pesci
Goodfellas shit, rose gold Presi
Kush in attendance, Rose moe presi
If they don't like yo' boy, those hoes lezzy
We loose lucille ball, and blow those dessies, (heh, heh, heh)
Yeah, Ricky Ricardo, sit in the car door
That black Gallardo, Freck tell em "ahh" doe, max Wells Fargo
Ten gees in every pocket, and we wearing cargos
Hit them with the hook like killah Kareem on em
Or barcode niggas, put that red beam on em
At baggage claim, Louie luggage, like a ? on em
Semi ?, coming to America, coming through with Erica
Her style head shot em, my bitch won't miss em
Her swag ? got em, her ?
Something need to be said bout em
Santa Claus pants, yeah, that's some red bottoms
Her ex used to get em 'til the feds got him
Story made a cover, y'all probably red bottom

?, ain't worry bout the next nigga, we got that ?
?, you're now rocking with the best nigga
And ? yeah
I do it, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, I do it, yeah, yeah
Don't worry leave it to me, it ain't no ?

(Verse 2)
You know me, in all black like I'm in a funeral
Black Louies, black Tru's, the usual
I don't mourn life, I celebrate your death
Take too long, to more accelerate your death
And the last cat that came with a squad to see him
Said he was a rider, so I parked him in the mausoleum
No witness or bystanders when I start to squeeze
Take him on a long ride, spark him, then ? leave him
Red and blue M6, Peter Parker BM
Big rims, tint's dark, you can hardly see him
Paparazzi outside o' every party we in
The boy so far gone, you can hardly see him
Different mind state, tax bracket and plateau
Six deuce s, with the curtains in the back closed
Far as rap goes, the best couldn't match flows
Nigga, it's the funeral, bury him with a black rose

Hook

(Verse 3)
Blood on my apron, blood on my guillotine
Body on the patio, torture, ?
Strap make the room hot, radiator on
American gangsta, aviators on
Boss of the underworld, New York and the mainstream
Street fam certified, considered the ?
Real spit, when drama unfold
Sucker shit get broadcast, the truth untold
We raise the murder rate, that you can't avoid
Only thing similar is Philly and Illinois
Real hood work, never no sun dance
Holla to me on the ?, homie, freelance
What's your order I deliver to your dope spot
Just say mine and we smooth like botox
Money come short, I squeeze heat on arrival
Cook beef, partner, leave ?
Knife work awful, gun work awful
Jig you, then you bye, bye, just another barcode
? through rap, and get hella checks
Street patriot, and get ? checks
Phone tapped, but fuck it I still promote crack
Audio crack, uncut coke rap
Strapped with Taurus or Berettas
Pop, pop, body fly high, no feathers

Hook


(Verse 4: Willie The Kid)
I said umm
Flick the headlights on the hearses
Symbol at the churches, speaking at the service
Speaking of a service, I do a disservice
And this nigga certainly superb with the verbage
Dead niggas, ? your whole movement
Money talks, I've been fluent, I'm congruent
With Ben Franklins, I'm frank, put you on to it
And put you niggas in suits, like ?
This a funeral, finna be a burial
Matter of fact, cremate you bastards, scather ashes
Close caskets, handing out gas masks
Willie The Kid, biblical flow, book of Damascus
Rest in peace, niggas

Outtro:

I'm not laughing, (yeah) I'm trynna keep from crying, man
All of you niggas dead man, it's so sad, it's so sad..