Bitch I'm raw!
So you hearing that any nigga out-cook me
As suspect as R. Kelly with Girl Scout cookies
When you're talking to a pro, watch your mouth, rookie
Go in your shit have your teeth playing "mouth hooky"
(Nice!) You niggas must have heard me wrong
I blame them horses when I turn that Porsche Turbie on
My engine getting its Kentucky Derby on
Seats is brunette, paint is dirty blonde
Speaking of dirty blonde, say "hi" to Curvy Don, Fergie jawn
With the body movement of a turbillon
I just watch her. It’s been a hectic year
So I sit and get fried, call the weed "electric chair"
But ya’ll on Death Row: one request left
You're looking for your girl? Oh, she just left
Her and my dick just became BFFs
Then I threw her out like Jazzy J-E-F-F
I’m raw, dog, ya’ll safe sex
You dicks belong in latex, not tape decks
You can’t see me, neither can the flunkies under you
My shit bananas, like a monkey #2
I’m bigger than that
More like gorilla though…
Nickname: "Funeral"; got that from this killer flow
Things still a go, my pockets be extra fat
Big money on deck like A-Rod's next to bat
Shit, somebody contact the tabloids
I’m a big deal like a contract from Bad Boy
Yeah: "It’s all good baby baby"
My swag plays a big part so it’s all gravy
We hit the club like Nino and the C.M.B
Pretty mixed bitch; I just call her "P.M.B"
Watch your step; baby getting out that G.M.C
You bust your ass girl, we both gon' be on T.M.Z
Don’t be shy, let them cameras expose you
The worst that can happen is I "Amber Rose" you
People running up like: "Damn, I knows you!"
"Hey, ain’t you..?" Yeah, I am that bitch
6 feet deep nigga: yeah I am that ditch
Throw it in the bag in a recession: I am that rich
I’m under close watch, niggas got binoculars
I ain’t "What’s Poppin'", bitch, I’m what’s popular
If I’m the one to go at, niggas, what’s stopping ya?
I call my gun "Nadia", and I be finger-popping her
Keep that bitch cumming like: "blakka! Blakka!"
Go to your head like a shot of vodka
Rock a sick fit, call a doctor partner
You'd think I had a Gucci deal: Waka Flocka
Yeah, I'm too fucking raw
Yeah, you heard me, I'm too fucking raw