[Intro: Jim Jones]
Uh-huh, Jones
Dipset, Byrdgang, bitch!
You know what it is
When you see me two twelvin' you, homie (that's right)
You fuck niggas keep triple ninin' (Eastside)
Have some integrity, bitch
'Fore it get tech-mangy out here, smell me? (Ballin'!)

[Verse 1: Jim Jones]
Peace Blood, peace almighty (peace Blood!)
We all thugs and we run the streets nightly (Eastside!)
And get my lawyer, why? 'Cause I ain't coppin' out (nope!)
And I fuck with b-boys that bring them choppas out
One shot of that'll have the boys bring the coppers out
And we ballin', foreign toys what we hoppin' out (flossing!)
My fair east side, where we ride
And we all fly high in the Lear G5's (ballin'!)
So twist your fingers up and bang, motherfucker, bang!
Get your money up, this 'caine is what we fuckin' slang
And nine-trey is what I fuckin' claim
It's Dipset Capo, the don of the Byrdgang (Eastside!)

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
They call me D-O-dub, wasn't really trippin' Cuz
Twenty-one, twenty Crips and all of us is crippin' Cuz
We from a different street, all got that different heat
But when we move the Macs, when Game come, we on the same beat
So if you fuck with Blood, then you fuck with us
And we ain't bustin' duds, 'cause we bustin' slugs
We sure to stay in touch and clean your mess up
And if you from the West Coast, my nigga, W-W-W-W-West up!

[Verse 3: Nas]
Game got at me about the remix, it's a honor my nigga
I made rap, one blood, then said I'm signin' with Jigga
I got rappers gettin' mad at me
I got these new jack rappers tryin' to clap at me
I got these corny wannabe diss song kings on the radio
Talk about how they gon' spray and take me away
But I'm the true livin' legend, I'm not to be questioned
Have your whole hood holla shit about my progression

[Verse 4: T.I.]
You knowin' my attitude shitty, only a buck fifty
So I keep the Smitty's with me—shit, how many with me?
Hey, what you scared? I'm prepared in the mall and all
With two twos, you can call me Quick Draw McGraw
Bitch, I'ma cut that fool, better call the law
I start sprayin', make fuck niggas fall and crawl
I press play like Puff, no pause at all
Choppin' holes in all the walls, that's all they saw

[Verse 5: The Game]
Hip-hop ain't dead, it just took a couple shots
I bring it back to life, give it a couple shocks
The king comin', no, I'm not Jay-Z
Too many niggas hate me, but they scared to face me
This ain't a movie, dawg, (nope!) not "Waist Deep"
I'm not a actor but I'll show your bitch big meat
She givin' one blood, one love on dubs
A hundred forty thousand the first week, ugh!

[Hook: The Game]
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix

[Verse 6: Fat Joe]
All these niggas wanna front trill with them stiff faces
'Til them niggas lyin' still up in stiff cases
Within Styrofoam and embalmin' fluid
I been gone too long and I'm down to lose it
Somebody go and get this nigga a pine box
And I ain't just talkin' 'bout a measly nine shots
Yeah I'm chopper-happy and my wrist loose
Call me Goldie, I'll smack your bitch too

[Verse 7: Lil' Wayne]
504 gangsta, New Orleans soldier
Bangin' underwater, fuck around and soak ya
Louisiana gunner, I'm 'bout my holster
And if you gettin' greasy I'm an ulcer
I'm bickin' back bein' bool on the Eastside
Of New Orleans where the Bloods at the B-hive
Ain't nothin' sweet unless it's Presidential
That is where I sleep, now give me my key

[Verse 8: N.O.R.E.]
New York get the blood money (dirty cash) still sweet
We with Black Wall Street by the swap meet with heat
Def Jam they gon' flop him and Reggaeton ain't hot in
The building no more, it's okay, I get it poppin'
Back to the forest trees for deep, these little me's
Who took believers an opportunity to breathe
And you ain't gotta go overseas to see Iraq shit
You can come to LeFrak Queens and get jacked quick

[Verse 9: Jadakiss & (Styles P)]
One blood, we used to the spillin'
(Came from the hood so we used to the killin')
Used to the black males (makin' crack sales in the building)
(How else you get the Benz) with the suede on the ceiling?
(Blood in) Blood out, (me and homie) back-to-back
(Boat load of work) and we about to pitch a shut out
I'm New York's king, (I'm New York's hardest nigga)
Anything in between's a (motherfuckin' target, nigga)
D-B (L-O) C-K (he spray)
The hawk'll find a nice home (right where your cheeks stay)
We got a mean team (hip-hop's dream team)
Them boys is only in the projects on (green screen)
Yeah, no security (I'll put you on the respirator)
I'm the bomb (I'm the motherfuckin' detonator)
One (dutch), one (bud), one (burner), one (slug)
Want a couple casualties, but we'll settle for just (one blood)

[Verse 10: Fabolous]
What it look like? All I say at most
Shooters waitin' on the word, "Just say it, Los!"
I let these niggas live (yes!) I told 'em pull the plug
Have them goons pullin' gloves, leave the room full of slugs (yes!)
Catch me traffickin' on maroon-colored dubs (yes!)
Couple Africans with balloons full of drugs (yes!)
If they like me, tell 'em line up
While I sit behind team, point 'em out like a line-up

[Verse 11: Juelz Santana]
Mic check, one two, one two
I'm strapped, you strapped, let's play two-on-two (let's go!)
Let's go, you're eyein' us in the iron bus (boom!)
Boom! Leak you, two liters of red juice: Hawaiian Punch (ha!)
So what you boys gon' do to me (what?)
I'm born street, your life's sweet: MTV's Laguna Beach (damn!)
Mama told me not to play with fire
But she never told me I would grow to be a lighter

[Verse 12: Rick Ross]
One love to the gangs, but I'm in the thangs
Save the colors for the cars, see, we kill for the fame (Ross!)
The boss made it, yeah, we floss flagrant
Shame how I lost your life savings up in Las Vegas (Ross!)
I'm a heavy getter, I'm a heavy seller
Keep white in the office, call it Jerry Heller
Lettin' off a hundred rounds, let the barrel pick
And we gon' sit here and wait for the derelicts

[Verse 13: Twista]
Chi got Lords and Gangsters, show me where them niggas at
Chi got Two Six's and Kings, show me where them killas at
Chi got them ballers and hustlers, show me where them figures at
Game, where them triggers at? Aim at them fitted caps
He got the clips, I got the scope, let's get them choppas, nigga!
He got the kush, I got the dope, let's get it poppin', nigga!
Heard he in that cherry six fo', shit, ain't no stoppin', nigga
Hit him in the head and the body with a bullet
When I put him in the cemetery then I gotta holla out

[Hook: The Game]
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix

[Verse 14: Kurupt & (Daz)]
(Whattup Cuz?) Yeah, rollin' with two grips
Glock holdin' on the hip, rollin' with two clips
Got two tiny locos ready to take trips
Shake and make trips, high stakes to take grips
But they know what's crackin', Cuz, cause as we huddle
They hold cards down, nigga, like spades and pinochle (nigga)
West Coast gang bang, ridas erasin' 'em
Got funny niggas raisin' up and ridas replacin' 'em, Cuz

[Verse 15: Daz Dillinger]
Draped in blue, notorious gangsta crew
R.I.P. for niggas who don't stay true
Deep down in the crevices, see the jets veteran
Dwellin' in the land of the gang bang profession
I'm legendary, yes yes, a West Coaster
Throwin' up two C's with two guns in my holster
I'm from Long Beach City, a Crip next to Compton
Down with my nigga Game if you niggas want problems
From the streets to the suites, anywhere we can meet
Del Amo to Compton, Slauson Swap Meet
Worldwide, get swept away by the tide
YGs and BGs, OGs, it's time to ride

[Verse 16: WC]
Who the rider, looter through the gutter man?
Trued up in them Carolina blue Hurricanes
From the Westside strivin' to dead 'em
Where them killers throw that third letter up
Like Raymond Washington and Tookie Williams
Blue jeans, blue strings, blowin' blueberry green
Cadillac on blue D's and a blue tee
Money thick as blue cheese chunkin' up the dub
What the West be without Snoop and Dub C and one blood?

[Verse 17: E-40]
The Bay Area, fuckas, we pop 'em
Open you up if you got a problem
Up top, born in California
Clean your clock, open your can of tuna
Make a choice, it's either Hell or it's Heaven
Get your chest layed out with the FN-57
This ain't nothin' to do with nobody
In the Yay, there ain't nothin' to do but catch bodies

[Hook: The Game]
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix

[Verse 18: Bun B]
I'm comin' straight up outta P-A-T like Compton in all black
But when we say what it do, they never say holla back
Bun B the OG like '95 Air Max
Neon green outta Flight Club off of Fairfax
Ask the Hundreds, it's doable, I done done it
At the summit of rap and I'm watchin' you haters plummet
Run to it or run from it, to Bun, it don't differ
Wipe the streets with ya like you a Swiffer as a gifter
One blood

[Verse 19: Chamillionaire]
I'm the realest youngsta that's breathin' and I don't gotta give a reason
Chamillionaire a millionaire, y'all competin' to be competin'
My purpose is to get the cheese and as a purpose that should defeatin'
So shut your mouth, have a seat and be quiet 'til I'm finish eatin'
My label tells me I'm greedy, hoggin' all the room on your TV
Like Eric they think it's Eazy, but it isn't easy, believe me
Need to make a room in B.E. Television if you wanna be me
Game said he made room for Jeezy, I had to make room for me, G

[Verse 20: Slim Thug]
It's one blood if you Blood or Cuz
From that number one Thug it's still one love
I rep my blue boy team, but I do it for green
I do it for my folks, Vice Lords and Kings
All the trappers, future rappers standin' out on the blocks
Tryna get up out the hood, man, and stack 'em a knot
Put your sets in the air, scream, "Fuck the cops!"
We gon' rep for the hood, man, like it or not

[Verse 21: Young Dro]
My feed mashable, murders are catastrophical
Cars is improbable, I'm overcomin' obstacles
Trappin', I made it logical, my topic is impossible
I got a partner named Shoe Strang 'cause shorty real crossable
Shark meat to Pappadeaux, cars be tropical
All guns choppable, all blocks are mobbable
I'm unstoppable, my Calico is toxable
Lyrically diabolical, kushin' is now cigarable

[Verse 22: Malice & (Pusha T)]
Red rum, red rum (such power in the tongue)
Never in the wildest (was he talkin' to them?)
Style on niggas (but feel it to the numb)
Japanese thread (brought flavor to these bums)
Consider me the savior (look what the Lord gave ya)
My celebrated presence (like the return of Rayful)
Frolic in the snow so playful
(And revivin' the track) like we flowin' through jumper cables
What duo you know get XXL kudos
(While coppin' off Coolio?)
(Yeah, classic shit) We mastered this
(Left for dead) I'm back (I'm Lazarus)

[Hook: The Game]
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix
Remix, remix remix

[Verse 23: Ja Rule]
Nigga, one Crip, one Blood, L.A., New York
The Game, the Rule, one love, guns up
Hands down, can't touch the flow, it's a bit much
The style, wanna keep up? I'd advise you to speed up
With money movin' like coke these days gotta re-up
G up, cop some heaters and dare a nigga to act up
You see us in dual seaters and throw it up
It's all hood, niggas rep your sets if your Cuz or (Blood)
Niggas, we all bleed, these niggas can't breathe
Only because the guns are drawn and aimed to part
Niggas that got bullets with names on them
Want 'em, come get 'em, niggas, y'all know where to get at me
Look at me, now pass me, maybe you can be half me
You bastards, I'm laughin', bullets stickin' in family
Who sadly gets torn between one Crip and one (Blood)
Y'all niggas know me, haha, yeah!