[DJ Drama]
See, don't consider these niggas your friends. I mean, you might not want even to call them associates. I heard y'all after I went down. Like "Dram's done." "You're supposed to do it the right way." What is the right way, nigga? Oh I didn't help the game out? Oh, ok. Kill yourself!

[Fabolous in the background]
For all of ya'll I know you're feeling yourself
Yeah going against me is like killing yourself nigga
Suicide it's a suicide, suicide it's a suicide

[Verse - Fabolous]
How you want it, in the abdomen or back?
Cause enemies poke you from the front, friends stab you in the back
The same niggas who trying to collab you on the track
But turn right around and try to crab you on the smack
Through the ups and downs I just try to stay level-headed
I hear a lot of bullshit but I never sweat it
Cause when you ask 'em 'bout it, They goin' say they never said it
They know if it's beef I let the Mac-11 dead it
And when I spit you could dig it like a shovel said it
You couldn't hear a hotter flow if the devil said it
I walk by 'em and wink
I don't feel T's Pain cause I never had to buy him a drink
Double shot of Loso baby, I am the drink
Tell em lay down on the couch baby, I am the shrink
I bring your lady home, but I got the 80 chromed
Niggas go Tom Cruise crazy for the Katie Holmes
I know niggas living in the Fed
Who say don't look down unless she giving you some head
I'm driven by the bread, my push is the paper
I roll up like kush in the paper
I gotta be Kobe, you never see niggas like Smush in the paper
Unless he got pushed in the paper
So my niggas be on some bullshit, I call them the "Heat sweepers"
They ride around with the street sweepers
They murk you at the Grammys, but they kill you in the streets cheaper
Either way you 6 feet deeper
It's Loso, a.k.a the 1 Trump Plaza suite creeper
King size, double-G Gucci sheet sleeper
The kid blow shots, catch me in the kid robot
5 in the jersey, cause the kid so hot
Similar to Jason, you point at the guard/God
You must got an appointment with God
A meeting with Allah, or maybe a hot date with Satan
Niggas is food, I got hot plates for hating
So when they bring the name up, They goin' say I came up
That shit alone be burning these fucking lames up
Come through in a Bentley, just to turn the flames up
So you wanna take a shot? Nigga better aim up
Loso top shelf, Nigga I'm the betta liquor
Ain't goin' nowhere for a while, you could get a Snicker
I fuck her quick, get her quicker
Ma momma said keep your tongue in your mouth unless you a letter licker
I'm getting money bitch, but I ain't a cheddar tricker
Got the Texas toast meaning that my bread is thicker
As a young'n I was too cool to sweat a whore
Now I'm fuckin pretty bitches with them good credit scores
Nigga with mental loss can't forget I been a boss
Trying me is like bungeeing with dental floss, fucker