[Intro]
Take it easy for real bro
*Evil laughing*
Take it easy for real bro,(Yeah)
Take it easy for real bro,(DJ CLUE)
(That boy Fabolous)
They said why I'm going so hard? What I'm s'posed to take it easy?


[Verse 1: Fabolous]
I said too many swag raps and not enough rhymes
Too many watches and not enough time
But today I got time cuz' goodnight to you lames
I'm just over you niggas, Suge Knight in the Range
Might take a few shots I should write in a range
Cause I'm trying to get the paper used to write in my aim
And that make you a target, I will make you a carpet
Have the wolves on you again, make you a Garnett
Niggas' trying to eat don't have me make you the market
Bitches want it now fuck that take you tomorrow shit
Shorty he ain't coppin' he couldn't take you to Target
Get your roll on I take you under the arm pit
Take you to the star shit he just take you to Starlets
Never let a stock boy take you off of the market
Your bitch borin' like her first name is Margaret
My bitch foreign like her last name is Vargas
And shorty miss me I been grinding all week really
Came home to a Minaj like Meek Milly
She call me hit and run I'm like freak really?
I made two hundred all star week silly
Made enough dough to make biscuits for the whole block
I don't spend time I hit the district for a gold watch
My lil' homie, his biscuit is a old Glock
He catch a square and put the Triscuit in a gold box
So take it easy, I told you niggas, giving passes ain't easy
I'm ruthless like EZ, want beef? I'm like Ruth's Chris that's easy
Take your top off make you roofless that easy
Desert Eagle nickname D-Easy
Bullets pass Romo to D-E-Z (What up Dez?)...
...Bryant, in New York I'm a Giant
I'm like Victor Cruz with chicks to choose
Met a chick at Sue's her dress fit so well
Best catch you done seen since Odell
Niggas' like ex's probably say I'm not shit
If you ain't got haters you probably ain't got shit
Love me in L.A. on some Hollywood Pac shit
Love me in The A up in Follies I'm the hot shit
Love MIA twenty mamis in the spot shit
Love me in my city don't try me with the THOT shit
I'm on some rapper run up probably get shot shit
Star on the ground Hollywood block shit
I got the check and the stripes word to Yeezy
So easy, you niggas' gotta' take it easy


[Girl singing]
Gotta' take it easy, whaaaaat
Gotta' take it easy, whaaaaat
Gotta' take it easy, whaaaaat
Gotta' take it easy, whaaaaat

[DJ Clue]
DESERT STORM!!

[Outro]
You niggas' gotta' take it easy bro, you looking crazy out here family
Like what are you doing bro? For these hoes?
She...was...running...through....these...dicks...like....a...ho!
You know how that shit go, you know how that shit go. Ha ha ha. Yea
Take it easy for real bro

[DJ Clue]
*giving shoutouts*