[Intro: Swizz Beatz]
Goddamn! Right
Oh this that Freddy and Jason
Smooth it out

[Verse 1: Fabolous (Swizz Beatz)]
This that theme music
Some back on your deen music (talk to 'em, Fab)
Told Swizz gotta put the top down (hey)
Drive by my old school just to make my Dean lose it, hah
Always said I'd be a dropout (damn)
Yeah, only right I bring the drop out (woo!)
Look, and everyday is first class
Not bad for the kid who never made his first class
{*school bell ringing*} Yeah

[Verse 2: Jadakiss (Swizz Beatz)]
I'm in homeroom with dime sacks (Jada)
If you miss something, rewind that
Memories take you back to the time
Take the time to remember that you can't get the time back
Now your boy's invincible
Got me teaching niggas principles
It just make me wanna holla
You can't even get a dollar 'cause I can't talk sense to you (owww!)

[Verse 3: Fabolous (Swizz Beatz)]
They wanna front 'til you jump in the Bach
Shawty named Rosa, jump in the back
House party days, you'd get jumped in the back
Nowadays the jump offs just jump in the back
Swish, my jumper is back (oh!)
The bars is up, high jumper is back (whoop!)
You gon' make one of  the gremlins jump from the back
Put the strap over the shoulder like the jumpers is back, yeah

[Verse 4: Jadakiss (Swizz Beatz)]
The Eurostep, the German ruger (woo!)
You already know Voorhees (kill kill kill) and Krueger (hahahaha)
Kill shit, still move keys through Uber (huh)
Real shit, still gotta feed the shooters (goddamn)
First comes the torture, then they abuse ya (woo!)
Are you the victim? Are you the accuser? (huh)
Nowadays the dealers worse than the users (oh)
Besides that the system thirsty to lose us, yeah
(Freddy and Jason!)

[Verse 5: Fabolous (Swizz Beatz)]
Flow smooth over the Marvin
Show and prove over the talking (yeah)
They told me as a young G
Even when you hungry never move like you starving
Any questions, asking above (woo!)
Any problems, mask and the gloves (ayy)
Jason and Freddy basically ready
I'm like Masika and Alexis how I'm chasing the fetti
(Goddamn!) Ugh

[Verse 6: Jadakiss (Swizz Beatz)]
That's all I do (woo!)
Please don't make me call my crew
Life's a bitch, don't make me call my boo
They get the drop then them killers they'll fall right through (blaow!)
Yeah, I'm in the projects hella late (damn)
Shooting dice, playing spades and they selling plates (4-5's)
The love is for free but they selling hate (ayy)
Either selling weight to you or you selling weight?
(Goddamn) Yeah

[Chorus: Fabolous]
This that theme music
Some back on your deen music
This that theme music
Some back on your deen music

[Outro: Swizz Beatz]
Goddamnit! This that Freddy and Jason, huh?
This that Freddy and Jason, huh?
It's about to get ugly in these streets
That Fab, that Jada, that Swizz
Middle finger to your haters
C'mon man get a plate, get your own plate
Get a seat at the table, if you lucky, huh
Back on that thing, back on that B.S. business
Can't even walk the streets
Bout to make it so y'all can't even walk the streets, huh
Put the business suit up and put the hood on
Put the chains on, huh, goddamnit!
Smooth it out