[Intro]
Told y'all, would you believe?

[Verse 1]
I'm the type to take your chick, to one of them islands huh
Have her at the crib watchin' Money and Violence, bruh
Shorty come to me cause I'm the one with the guidance, but
Bang her on the low like a gun with a silencer
Swag champ back, you just one of the challengers
Day you beat me ain't on none of these calendars
You throwin' shots, but you're a little under my caliber
We play with heavy metal, boy, I run with Metallica
Skatin' through the city like I'm one of the Islanders
You fly like this, they got to wonder who's stylin' you
The road money don't have me in New York too much
But I got the shut up money if you talk too much
Listen, if you talkin' about that man fur
You gotta get money like that man first
Whoever say the most hit that man first
Put his front in the back like a fat transfer
Like how these girls turn a gut into a butt
And be a bad bitch when they nothin' but a mutt
My shottas want it all, know nothin' about a cut
You niggas talkin' about, "Take the what and leave the what?"
Yup, I've won everything, valet life, I'm upfront with everythin'
You don't like it, more your problem than mine
Let's turn up and see if yours got more volume than mine
Yeah, I know hate, sellin' sour '98
Back then I did good, right now I'm doin' great
Like 50 and Taraji, how do we relate?
Tryin' to build an empire, niggas in power want to hate
Woah, what, you mad cause I'm fuckin' your bird?
You know I put it in my waist like I'm tuckin' a shirt
Like, "Fuck is you doin'?", A-Town voice
When I see your ass, tre pound voice
Bought the Ghost on Christmas, play 'round toy
And it's chinchilla weather, nigga, we outside
What you know about gifts that got to be outside?
It's too big, put it under the tree outside
Woah, now picture me sellin' sniff, sellin' piff
Back then my block did numbers like Taylor Swift
Yeah, Fab Sport, what? Funeral, who?
Loso, huh? Young O.G. gone

[Outro]
Look at me, look at me
I am the captain now, ha-ha-ha-ha
Fuck is y'all niggas talkin' about, boy? Huh
You only talkin' like that cause you don't respect your jaw
Brooklyn forever, told y'all