[Hook: Lil' Mo]
Does anyone care? (Anyone care) - please tell me
I'm alone and scared (alone and scared) - please help me
What should I do? (What should I do?)
What should I do? (What should I do?)
What should I do? Please tell me, please tell me

[Fabolous]
Dear Fab, I wrote this letter in confidence you will read it
I suceeded getting my college education completed
Smart girl not conceited but used to being treated anyway
But anyway, your advice is needed
I'm 22 years old with a beautiful daughter
By a dead beat who wouldn't give a quarter to support her
My money was gettin lower, my patience was getting shorter
Heard about his new girlfriend and all the shit he brought her
So I caught her, fought her, heard she had restraining orders
I still grabbed her ponytail and held her under water
So right now I'm sorta locked up for manslaughter
Missing every minute I can't spend with my daughter

[Hook]

[Fabolous]
Loso, I know you hold profession as a lyricist
But you probably never had depression as severe as this
Your music is like a session with a therapist
I asked the Lord to send me any blessing if He's hearing this
I'm stressing something serious, pressing on delirous
A smart man always ask's questions if he's curious
I believe in God, but I don't understand His plan
Why send a Spanish man way off to Afghanistan?
Hand his man a rifle, suit me up in camouflage
I salute the hand of Sarge, he is not a man in charge
I'm fighting this war; don't know who I'm fighting it for
Might be going AWOL anyday ya'll

[Hook]

[Fabolous]
Dear Fabolous, I'm such a fan, I don't have much demands
But I'm really hoping that you will keep in touch with fans
You see, I know you're probably busy kicking
With one of them pretty girls from on television shaking it
My vision ain't mistaken, I can see you wasn't faking
So I hope you can help me with some good decision making
I've been thinking a lot, so much I haven't slept in days
My mother and father about to go their separate ways
I'm a teen in the cross of a painful divorce
I love my mom and she thinks I'm an angel, of course
I love my dad, too, I feel tangled and lost
Who's side should I be on? Your friend, Deon

[Hook]

[Outro: Fabolous] + (Lil' Mo)
Yeah, this song is dedicated to anyone who find theyself in a place where they need some advice
You may not always find that person in the physical form (What should I do?)
But there's someone you can trust in (What should I do? What should I do?)
Who listens when everybody's ears are shut (What should I do? What should I do?)
Who sees when everybody's eyes are closed (What should I do? What should I do?)
Who speaks when everybody's voice is silent
Put your faith in God, The Man will take it from there
Loso

[Lil' Mo]
Cause not a day goes by
That I don't wonder why
And what should I do?
What should I do?