What it look like homie! I'm back man
Fuck! It's Los
Street Fam. Y'all know what to do with this man


Now I could bring New York back as a favor since it's easy to
Like Flavor did in Season 2
Cause these players washed up, they gettin waivers when the seasons through
I make the cut like a shaver, every season boo
You need flavor, I could season you
It's evident, every president crave a Conde-skeezer too (CLUE!!!)
I'm stuntin, Super Davy when I'm breezin through
Hand waving and I'm cheezin' too (Hello)
I'm doing damn good, fuck am I ice grillin' about?
Won't fight till there's a Mike Tys' deal on a bout
Your wife twice chilled in the house
Bitch wouldn't stop smiling like dudes with ice grills in they mouth
She from Houston, be producin'
So I be calling her Paula Wall
Showed her the walk in closet that I call a mall
I hit a button and all of a sudden the wall would fall (DAMN)
Indoor courts, that's just where the ballers ball
Black Spyder, not the one that crawl a wall (NAH)
Ferrari joint on them 20 inch crawlers y'all (YES)
I'm sittin, but I'm shitin' like I'm in a toilet stall
But I'm like a cut off phone, I can't call it y'all
You lil boys is home alone making Macaulay calls
I'm Hefner heavy, but your bitch is who I probably call
Met her over the net, served me like a volleyball
Then she juiced the whole crew like Marley Marl (wooo)
In my rookie year, this is ordinary though
Travel with the kg like I'm Marbury yo
L-O-S-O
Yeah you already know
Got that ”FuckUpYourCareer”, Darryl Strawberry blow
The law got the long arm for the base dealers
I still keep a strong arm for the base stealers
P3, .45 now you know the Ruger tight
Underneath the Gucci sweater with the Freddy Krueger stripes
I keep it tucked in the waist like Al Bundy hand
I got a team of terrorist that make one demand
Take the chain off like you breakin' out enslavement
One or two of these will leave you shakin' on the pavement (What it do)
Make a nigga do the Chicken Noodle Soup
I'm Soft Top Spizz cause I'm stickin to the coup
GT, see nigga? The boss back ridin'
Saddle seats, you could say I'm horseback ridin'
Yeah!

Told you I'm back baby. It's ya nigga Soft Top Spizz. Let it down Los. When you see me holla at me man. Let the sun shine in this time. From Nothin' to Somethin' nah mean?