[Fabolous]
Nigga don't tell me what niggas say about me. Tell me why they feel comfortable tellin' you

The saddest story come from those who once had the glory
Had the fouries, diamond watches and the baddest shawtys
Now they in they ladder forties. Bunch of kids, scattered shawtys
No respect for none neglect they call they daddy Corey
I'm from a different cloth. That ain't the pattern for me
There are levels to this shit, different categories
Can't be like them niggas out here lookin' fat and gawty
They ain't never want no rings but be mad at Horry.
I'm talkin' bout man that nigga don't deserve that shit
Like I was really in these streets I used to serve that shit
We started from the bottom, had to Topsy Turve that shit
Get it while the gettin's good. After that preserve that shit
My ex text me last night, but I curved that shit
Could have end up hittin' that, be too late to swerve that shit
That's a young mistake, Lord knows I made me some
I love gettin' brain, that never made me dumb
All that did was made me cum
Swear these hoes made me numb
Only feelings caught is "bitch you been should have gave me some!"
I knew some niggas who had bread never game me crumbs
Drank the whole fuckin' juice and never save me some
I know how young niggas feel, I had to live through shit
So the world is constipated, nobody gon give you shit
I learned that niggas gon be niggas yeah we shouldn't do it
But hoes gon be hoes they just hate admitting to it
Where I been? Gettin' to it. Going through and gettin' through it
Run around killin' shit, tellin' cops I didn't do it
That's why they call me young OG
And I'mma spit this dope shit 'til my tongue O.D
I flew my shawty in from cali and she brung OG.
She got me chillin' in my city but my lungs OT
Yeah. And fuck them niggas online reply Y
Broke niggas talkin' cuz it's free wifi

Outro: Ving Rhames
I hear you
You know the problem with you lil niggas?
You think you know everything about the damn world
You don’t know shit
Well I see you got yourself a lil business going
Well that’s good, that’s good
You make that paper
When you making, paper you gotta learn some rules to go wit it
You gotta learn the difference between guns and butter
It’s two types of niggas in this world
Niggas with guns and niggas with butter
Now what are guns?
The guns, that’s the realist thing
It’s stocks and bonds
Artwork
What you know the shit that appreciates with value
What’s the butter?
Cars, clothes, jewelry
All that other bullshit
They don’t mean shit after you buy it
That is what it’s all about
Guns and butter baby
Lil dumb motherfuckers