[Verse 1: Big Moe]
I done hit the pint to the head like Maan!!
Comin' down gotta potent ass purple Sprite Maan!!
I hit tha boulevard red wit me tight like Maan!!
I hit tha boulevard man an I outta sight Maan!!
I dun took my gallon 2 tha whole head like Maan!!
Sippin' potent ass drank I ain't sca'ed like Maan!!
Them hatin' ass niggas they be dead like Maan!!
Moe comin' down drank I dun spread like Maan!!
Comin' down real 4 my Texas fo' squash plexin'
Bought my car Lexus Maan!! I 'bout to wreck it
It's dat Moe-torola Southside money folda
Man I told ya befo' my AK(Maan!!) I'm down to holda
In a drain man million dolla stain hit tha boulevard
Moe-yo gon spread rain(Maan!!)
I can spread drank man I'm speakin bout tha barre
I'm rollin' foreign car drank in my jelly jar
What'z up Noke D. what'z up Dolla Bill(Maan!!)
I'm higher than a hill I'm bout to throw my grill
What'z up to tha Darren what'z up to my niggas
I'm down to pull tha trigga barre done made me thicker
Fuck Hilfiger FUBU shirt(Maan!!)
It'z tha Moe on tha mic I'm hittin' where it hurt
U can't fuck wit a G Big Pokey he's my kinfolk til I D.I.E
S.U.C Wreckshop Family(Maan!!)
I hit tha boulevard top down feel me uhh Maan!!

[Hook: E.S.G]
All my G'z in H-Town like Maan!!
Dallas ballaz puttin down like Maan!!
Where my Shreveport bangaz say Maan!!
All my Austin, Texas swangaz say Maan!!
Where ya'll at in Lil' Rock say Maan!!
A.T.L. ya don't stop like Maan!!
New Orleans bling bling like Maan!!
Watch Wreckshop do our thing like Maan!!

[Verse 2: E.S.G.]
I hit tha showroom flo' I live tha thug life
I want tha coupe two dooor twenties and kits my screens lit
Watchin' beach party flick 2 boppers takin turn on my Maan!!
10 thousand on my wrist I'm da boss
Told me take my chain off let my body defrost
Feel like I'm frozen(Maan!!) Da chosen(Maan!!)
14 on my neck 5 thousand on my hand like Maan!!
Man I chop block like fanz man
See my propellas when I land
Hoppin' outta candy helicopter E.S.G. wreckshoppa
Fat lady gon' sing tha opera
It's over (Maan!!) I thought I told ya
Me & Moe-torola SOUTHSIDE SOULJA
And dat Poe-torola screwed-up clicksta
Call me E.S.G. tha freestyle fuckin' fricta Maan!!

[Verse 3: Big Pokey]
I'mma jump up in this thang u see I'mma sayin'
I ain't gon' stop cuz this Sensei 4 sho
Hittin' tha do' and bound to wreck it showin' nutin' but naked
But boyz respect cuz I'm tha Maan!!
Pushin' a Benz or Lex-land painted tan
18'z kickin' in tha ass like Jackie Chan or that Tae-bo
See that Hydro that's all I blow and ask that Big Moe
Push a 4-do' rep tha logo u know it'z me
Bite tha mic arr bitch I'mma G see
Won't stop I set up shop then I wreck it
Show ass naked mob-style protected
Sensei don't play won't play
Never did pop the lid on the pint
Turn it upside down and I'mma sip it
Gimme a kilo and I'mma whip it ship it
Distribute it just like tapes
When I touch tha track tha track bein' rape Maan!!
A gorilla untamed nigga know my name
Sensei or Maan!!

[Hook: E.S.G]
All my G'z dat'z stackin' endz say Maan!!
All my ballaz in tha pen' say Maan!!
Where ya'll at in S.A. say Maan!!
California all day say Maan!!
Crooklyn Queens let me hear u say Maan!!
Jersey fellas let me hear u say Maan!!
Florida killaz let me hear u say Maan!!
Tampa dealaz Miami say Maan!!
Shreveport Monroe say Maan!!
Alexandria P.A. say Maan!!
What ya'll think it'z us skillz say Maan!!
Wreckshop in tha do' say Maan!!