[Hook]
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?

[Verse 1: Money-B]
Now, men want racism, black folks in prison, me bar
What's goin' on with the luh-uh-ove?
Boo-ya-kaw is the sound, brothers goin' down in the worst way
I got my son a gun for his birthday

[Verse 2: Clee]
Now we've had enough, everybody wants to be tough
But I give the props to brothers on my level instead of tryin' to be above
Cause I see nothin' feminine about givin' your brother some love

[Bridge 1]
Look deeply in each other's eyes (look in each other eyes): you know we are the ones (know we are the ones)
Racism is a cloud (racism is a cloud) that blocks us from the sun (that blocks us from the sun)
One brother speaks in African (one brother speaks in African), one sings Jamaican songs (one sing Jamaican song)
Both of them are black men (both of em are black men), but they still can't get along (they still can't get along)

[Hook]
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?

[Interlude: Shock G]
Yo, I know this brother named Tony, he beat up his own mom, man (Nah, man).  Straight up.  Him and his two brothers, they all live in the same house with his mom, right.  (Right).  They all in their twenties
She the only one working.  Anyway, one night she needed to get some sleep, she told him to turn his music down, and he just straight flipped l on her, slapped her all up against the wall, cursed her out

[Verse 3: Money-B]
Mommy and Daddy they got married, they make love every night
But Momma's gettin' tired, and Poppa hits the pipe at night
I see 'em kissin' wishin' I got the props that Pops, I mean the rocks, got
I hope she hugs me, cause she never dug me
I figure still I hustle, tussle with the fool at school
The one that Momma sold my sneakers, thought she says he's freakin' her
Had the doubt until I caught 'em, then I fought I'm, then she slapped me
Hollered at me talkin' 'bout I messed up her ten dollars

[Verse 4: 2Pac]
God damn!  Drug dealers dealin' to the kiddies
Livin' in the city ain't no pity on the itty-bitty
We try to cry, but still they all die
I try to speak to the youth, and the truth is they all high
What can I say but watch your back, youngster
As I sit and wonder, my other brother's steadily goin' under
It's like a curse, and it hurts cause it's worse
Momma's crazy cause her baby's in a hearse
Wussup wit' the love?

[Interlude: 2Pac]
Yo, my homey was joggin in this upper-class white neighborhood, he had his headphones on, right, you know, just joggin'
This old lady called the police.  Just cause he was black, they stomped my homey
He couldn't hear 'em though cause he had his headphones on.  They ain't chase him, they didn't shine their lights on him.  They just shot him
(dead!)

[Bridge 2]
This land once owned by Indians, who then would learn to burn
A tragedy, because from them there was so much to learn
You will find the key to life is checkin' for you friends
Everything's gonna be alright
I got to let you know that I'm in love with you
(Dope fiends sellin' their babies)
I'm so in love with you
(I know man, you can't even say 'what's up' to a brother no more)
People, I'm in love with you
(Fool talkin' about 'what's up', fool don't know me man)
Yes I'm in love with you
(I put one in him!  Hey, yo, you got your thang?)
(Yeah, man, I'm strapped)

[Bridge 3]
It blows my mind to see (it blows my mind) so many people sufferin' (so many people)
It blows my mind to see so many people down (Everybody's down)
And I just can't understand, why there must be such fightin'
(Everybody's actin' crazy)
It blows my mind to see the pain that's all around
(the pain that's all around)
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?

Wake up!
Wake up!

[Hook]
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?
Wussup wit' the love, wussup wit' the love?

Wake up!
Please, wake up